is it the solution , at last , to avoid the type of money ?
for Mr Rizzo , it is often a timing of time .
his Sport City Pizza Putin is based on the Sport City Pzza Pub will depend on the fact that clients are blinded and outsourced . , Cont and shellt and shells .
however , it is an automatic message that we are trying to push through fraud .
&apos;it is about coming to the bottom , that it does not allow other calls for other calls for us to get us &apos; , the 24-year-old Homely .
aid is on the road , albeit slowly .
over the last year , the government &apos;s support for mobile phones has been incorporated into the new tools of the government that has been added to mobile phones .
Federal Commissition has proposed to enable telephone companies to block the more junk speeches and hopes to bury . the petitions with large fines .
according to experts , these steps are not a final solution , but they are a good start .
the federalist and non-sensitive authorisation authorisation should protect people from unwanted calls from remote distributors .
however , fraudsters are not interested in breaking the law .
fraudsters reach people on the cheap and simple way , using &apos; automatic voters &apos; , which will automatically make a lot of speaking .
it is estimated that the Americans will receive tens of millions of Roma people a day .
all of these are , of course , not deception .
pharmacies are , for example , automated messages on the application of prescriptions .
but all too often the situation is as follows : you have a debt to the tax office ; Microsoft is calling for a computer to be put in order ; it is free caste . it is !
in addition , the subprime primers are using a complex technology , which shows the telephone number in the phone and an important figure , such as the tax authority .
the implementation of suitable measures for the figures for &apos; &apos; &apos; in numbers &apos; for figures , would exacerbate fraud and help to keep millions of dollars in the United States , as stated by some states . the group of Chief Prosecutor Group .
telephone companies and independent applications will be able to screening or block unwanted speeches compared to these known problematic figures and analyses . children &apos;s behaviour , such as the number , which calls for a lot of people with non-calls lists for many people .
mobile service providers are also a tool that add these warnings such as &apos; Toeye deception such as &apos; Toeye deception &apos; , but they do not . it is available to customers and for a large number of unpaid cards available to customers .
from Verzon and Sprintion can be commissioned for the super levy .
some Android-phone telephone , including Google &apos;s Pixel , a screening of free speech .
the Multi-media census Jen Varbanks ( 39 ) , said that he &apos;s AS &amp; S &amp; Government will mark his application . and it is blocked by certain disorders on his mobile phone , but in the case of phone calls he has given up .
&apos;I very rarely speak out of the figures I do not know &apos; said in Warsaw .
applications such as Younil and Nometbo provide free of charge for domestic contracts , but the restrictions were relaxed .
in the case of Youniil , the operator must allow the &apos; conditional speech &apos; , which puts the speeches on the line when it is not up to the seat . that is the case .
Nomorobo is not available for all tenders available to parents , who are not employed by parents , by parents .
it is also possible to buy a few of them , some of them , which are being blocked by domestic telephone .
the Verzon will also be tests on the number of warnings about the number of warnings on domestic telephone numbers .
telephone companies are already able to block certain speeches , which are fraudulent .
Fcc has proposed rules for the formalisation of such practices and for the removal of the speeches made by other fraud .
this means that the Verzon may be blocked by the cost of the charge , which takes the charge of payment , but it will never be one .
it would also be possible to block the speeches on which they know that they are not legitimate , such as 911 guidelines .
these rules need to be fine-tuned .
Maureen Mahyoney , the public order to the consumer of consumers , said that these developments are &apos; encouraging &apos; hope &apos; . &apos;but not protection consumers from all unwanted speeches .
firstly , there is no waiting lists for certain types of organisations , such as creditors and political campaigns .
in addition , the report would cover only counterfeit figures , according to Mahonic , would only cover the counterfeit figures .
all the Roma are not meant to be nothing .
the consumer of consumers wants telephone companies to do the tools of the telephone corners to be made available to all consumers .
in the longer term , Eurocc industry supports the efforts to confirm that the geneder is indeed the one that he claims to be .
perhaps one day , we can see a &apos; smart telephone &apos; on one day , when a magiser is legitimate .
the Telercom lobbies from U.S. Telecom says that it can be used for several years , but it would be a roboh . it is a powerful tool against the perpetrators .
Fcc is also looking for ways to put an end to the usual speeches to consumers who exchange the figure .
if you were registered in a non-call list , but to obtain a new figure later on , the distributor and may be remedied in the new line . let us start .
&apos;Robothelers will not go away &apos; , Aarre Nomorobos , which is mobile and home . the service of the telephone calls for phone calls .
&apos;they are criminal and find a new way to bypass any system .
however , our work is to do this as difficult as possible for them .
there are a number of logical measures that consumers should implement .
do not answer the phone , if you do not know the numbers .
yes , this is not , unfortunately , a practical way of business , such as Sport City .
interrupt unwanted speeches .
do not say &apos; no &apos; , and do not press any button .
when you deal with them , they may be able to mention you , who will respond and bury to more speeches .
where possible , the figure is blocked after the speech .
use the application of the speeches .
if you have any concerns about privacy , control the rules of application , to see whether it shares your speeches or contact with distributors .
do not make calls for calls on personal data , such as bank account or social security .
the Nordea and DNB , will become a reality by the end of the year .
the accession of the Luminan and Norway from the Baltic of the Baltic of the Baltic States , will become a reality in the last quarter of this year , will sign the &apos; no &apos; day in the last quarter of this year . that is the case .
the opening up of the common legal system has been delayed .
after the accession plans were made public in the summer of the past , the banks indicated that the completion of the deal could remain in the second quarter .
in April , however , the &apos; DNB &apos; said that the matter is now delayed in the third .
indeed , the Swedish financial inspectorates with Luminori , in view of the regional importance of the United Nations .
Russia &apos;s railways will examine the possibility of putting the St Petersri-Kaliningradi-Berlin Berlin .
Russia &apos;s railways will examine the possibility of putting the GSt Petersburg , the director of Kaliningrad announced the Kiningrad , the director of the Kaliningrad rail , Viktor Golent . that is what I have had at the time of Solzlinaapau .
the Return Movement is saying that , from an economic point of view , from an economic point of view , from an economic point of view of the Kaliningradi-Berlin trains .
and we offer a second route - St Petersburg .
the technical possibilities for this will exist both in the infrastructure and in the field of water , Golomolzin .
the Golomolzin has already stated that there is already a Russian trains , which can be exchanged and continue to move on Europe &apos;s track in Europe . that is the case .
the Gololzin considers that this direction is in perspective , because at the moment , the inhabitants of St Petersburg and the whole of the whole part of Russia . Mr Burh .
as a possible option , a route that was carried out as a possible option from Latvia , was confirmed by Latvia &apos;s Latvian rail ( Latviel Dzelzceu ) there is no concrete decision at the moment , which says that there is no concrete decision at the moment , but the shadow is an option .
the Latvian rail is looking for its partners , including the Russian railways , to increase competitiveness in the service of the passenger flow , so that rail transport can compete with road transport .
the Chinese company who had to come from Estonia was immediately carrying out EUR 100 million to the tune of EUR 100 million .
the sale of agricultural products in the Committee on Agriculture and Agrie , which started action last year , nearly EUR 100 million .
a profit was made close to EUR 2 million .
from the annual report of the financial year , it emerges from the Commission &apos;s annual report of EUR 100.6 million in 2016 to EUR 100.6 million in 2016 . that is the case .
a profit was made EUR 1.91 million .
the economic activity of business has not taken place in the company .
in the company operating in the company , in 2015 , the workers were not in 2015 .
a turnover of EUR 33.6 million , the average gross brutality was EUR 316 per month .
we already have a four-day working week , but not as we are expecting .
an open office : Scanpix , PanthinerMedia / Waverereates Ltd
many of the Estonians are already in their own unknown four days .
however , it is not the one that they are waiting for , is writing .
it has created a modern spatial planning , that is , an open office .
in the office of Seinteta in office , the Highard Scientific , Highard Scientific , Harvew , we have had nearly 1.5 hours a day for nearly 1.5 hours a day . the day of the day , the day .
however , when four days of work and three rest days are concerned , this is a forced solution for the four hours of work and three rest days , then this will be a more bureaucratic solution .
the 1.5 hours that has been taken for 1.5 hours , has been taken with family and hobior water , instead of recovering . irrigation and anxiety , and the abolition of the work of the work .
how do we finance company vehicles ?
in consumer society , alongside the background of the background of the industrial society , alongside the background of the background , there is an increasing number of companies in the full services of businesses , or instead of a compulsory freer . the long-term author .
the motherhood and the rentification of the vehicle is two clearly different financial transactions , which include different responsibilities and expectations , but which often cause confusion .
in the context of the International car &apos;s company was the company of the sale and marketing leader in Vilov Turd , are seen to see that companies are increasingly moving in the direction of a full service company . the possibility of long-term rentability is also being used .
the TEC brought out the main issues which , in the search for answers , can choose the way in which we find answers .
how long do it ?
the greatest difference is the time for which the car is mocking and the time is used .
&apos;That is worth giving priority to the need for a longer period of a longer-term vehicle , if business has a plan to introduce commercial vehicles for a period of longer term &apos; . the addition , by adding that it is worth deciding if a vehicle is to be in place if a vehicle is to have a full service company or a long-term cycle if the vehicle is to be made . to use a car on a daily basis , but while not giving care to the service provider , and by renouncing them .
&apos;Rescars has a much shorter period of operation , but many of the larger car companies also offer a long-term car , where the car rentification of the car . there is no room for complicated contractual and free refund &apos; , presented the different ways of reworking a car .
who will become a vehicle &apos;s owner ?
at the end of the Texidry is the owner of the car .
in the case of &apos; thank you in the case of the liamation period , it will be possible to continue with the same or better terms , the equivalent of the replacement of the same place . a new vehicle which responds to the needs of the company , he , emphasising that , as the consumer society is increasingly heading in the service of services , is increasingly heading for the average consumption of services , then the vehicle &apos;s own is an additional responsibility for business .
in addition , there is an opportunity to buy a car for the full services of services .
however , this opportunity is not , and it is only paid for the period of application .
the business of the car is generally happening in the representations of the car companies and the rentability of the car company .
the representations of the car companies are , first and foremost , a possibility of the company , and , in some cases , the author .
however , you have cars alone with the sole aim of excluding them .
it is a friend in the words that the reasons for the use of the temporary service are different - many companies are leasing their vehicles , in addition the service is a service of comfort . either , or when their own car is in an amendment .
there is an increasing number of the transparency of vehicles for vehicles , which offers the transparency of the cost of vehicles in the purchase of vehicles - the use of vehicles . and greater comfort in the recovery process and greater comfort &apos; , presented the &apos; sales and marketing leader &apos; .
every year , more and more companies use their car fleet in every year , thereby optimising its expenditure and by focusing on their core business .
what is the service coverage of the service ?
when a car is a compulsory catalogue of cat and traffic insurance , the rendier is covered by basic insurance , and it is also necessary to decide whether to take . to include , for example , an accident in the health insurance , security insurance or full insurance , &apos; if you compare the background to the full services of services , then the customer will be . however , there is more in six months because , in addition to the vehicles and insurance , the heating of cars will also be covered by the payment of cars for cars , from 24 days , tyres . exchanges and other agreed services &apos; , was explained by the TEC .
&apos;if a background to a background can take any new vehicle , then in the case of a full service company , the service and the company &apos;s wishes and needs a vehicle corresponding to the company &apos;s wishes and needs of a vehicle that meets their own wishes and needs . the functions of the use are also taken into account of the functions of the use of the use of the company in order to optimise the costs associated with the company &apos;s fleet .
however , the choice of &apos; Renders &apos; , however , is dependent on the service of the service providers - the different levers offer their own fleet in their vehicle fleet . one for the use of urban traffic as well as a luxury for commercial courts &apos; , described the Test .
in a densely populated period , of course , it may be possible that the desired car has already been expelled , but it is against it .
there should first be clear our objectives for the long term , it should first be made clear to our objectives - how long is the desire to use the vehicle , and what is long-term plans for the car . that is the case .
it will certainly be worthwhile to examine the different conditions and obligations of services .
how a man built his daughter USD 51 million .
one in Texhan discovered father found that there is not a single piece of items where he could be able to play .
it has therefore decided to build one .
Mr HARTN has just come out from the family holiday , when its 12-year-old tyrant Morgan was approached in other blood . for the children .
he tried to absorb them , but they quickly left the bars .
the HARTN believes that they do not know how to treat the disabled , as they do not know how to treat disabled persons - Mans have a five-year experience of this . a reasoning approach , and also a form of certain autism .
this incident was biased to haunt him .
&apos;My is a young girl is a young girl .
his meeting with him will always lead to a lack of smile , and he will no doubt want to expand .
however , there have been many times where we have not received her in different places &apos; , he says .
HARTKN and his wife Maggie asked from others to where they could lead their daughter - wherever they might get their daughter - wherever he may feel . in a comfortable way and others would also feel well in their dealings with him .
&apos;We came to the conclusion that there is no such involvement in the HARTN .
it therefore decided to build it in 2007 .
a former property developer was sold back in 2005 in 2005 to set up the PAN Family Founily Family Family Founily Family Fouily Family Fouily . now , there is a non-profit group that helps people with disabilities .
he then started &apos; the creation of a &apos; world &apos;s first , most accessible topics of the world .
&apos;We wanted to create a dossier where everything can do everything in which they can play with both needs and without special needs &apos; people &apos; , say HARTT . N .
he called on doctors , therapeuts , parents and other people with disabilities and without disability , to consult the facility .
they were set in the family of 10 hectares in the San Antonios Texas .
a park called the Wonderland cost USD 34 million ( EUR 26 million ) and was opened in 2010 .
this includes a fully accessible review of the playing field and mini-one .
visitors often say to Hartmani often say that they were only able to experience such applications for the first time .
there is also a fear of a carcaster which has a design translation for wheelchairs , which are moving on the side and under the cargo .
however , HARTN , it is clear that Morgan was , at the beginning , be fearful when it comes to a trip .
&apos;when we opened it , he did not dare to go to it .
he did not understand why it is around and why the animals move and under the cargo , HARTN .
it took three years before the Morgan was in agreement with a carror .
&apos;at the start , he was quite simply a close to it , it is not creating a war , but we did not have war .
it was a slow process , but now he likes to drive it .
overcoming something which was frightened him , was a great deal for him .
the small things achieved in the game will make a difference &apos; .
since its opening , the Morgan of Wonderland is a member of the Wonderland , and of all 50 American countries .
a third of staff is disabled and entry is free to anyone who has a condition of disease .
&apos;I understood that the Morgan is one of the happy things , because he has many things necessary for her .
I did not want the price to be an obstacle to other people with special needs &apos; , HARTN .
&apos;Lopen every year , knowing that we are at least one million dollars ( 750 000 GBP 750 000 ) , and we must put it back in the service of corps and partners . &apos;.
this year the subject of the report was extended to the opening of Icelandic , namely the opening of Icelandic .
&apos;in July , there were fewer people who visited the wheelchairs changed too much .
we have therefore chosen to set up a &apos; , HARTKN .
in some parts of the island , gender and water has been used to travel to meat problems .
we have a watertight fid-and-wheel that work with the air and not with batteries .
the river will also be able to travel on the river .
a total of 17 million dollars ( EUR 13 million ) .
&apos;yesterday , a man came to me in Iceland , and I just kept my hand &apos; , is talking about HARTT .
&apos;he referred to his son , who has serious special needs , and came to butched .
he said he did not have the son to play &apos; in the past .
Mr Hartman says there are no three parks from every four visit to the population , is precisely what it was hoping for .
&apos;this will help people understand that , although we are different in certain ways , we are actually exactly the same &apos; , he says .
&apos;I saw a wheelchair in a wheelchair went on to the second , without special needs , and they started to play together .
it was a really crazy &apos; .
Hartmanis no longer going to open up , even though he has obtained a poster and hundreds of letters from people who would also like their own neighbours . that is what it is .
instead , he is focusing on the provision of educational facilities for young people in San Antonio .
&apos;I know that there are many different organisations which are trying to build something in the Morgan of Wonderland , and we will continue to work with them &apos; . he .
he will continue to play a role in the Morgan - Morgan is now a kind of hearing .
&apos;when he comes here , he is like a rock !
many people want to talk to him and to do with him , he has to deal well with it &apos; , HARTKN .
the Morgan , which is now a 23-year-old , it will be better able to do things better .
&apos;he now speaks more and most of its physical problems has been resolved through numerous operations .
we are so proud that he has reached so far .
if the Morgan park is going to visit him most in the stone and in the sand sand in the sand in the sand sand .
&apos;My knows that the park has become a name , but I do not believe that he understands what it actually represents , and how this is what it actually represents , and how it has changed lives &apos; . Mr HARTN has a say .
&apos;he does not understand that the way it has managed to do things in life , has made it a real source of inspiration .
the call to find a car leaders in relation to girls from Witton
the police will seek to find two drivers with regard to the investigation of the 14-year-old girl .
other attacks were attacked on 26 July in the Witton region on 26 July in the Witton region on 26 July : 00 .
before this attack was raped by the Witton plant .
in the case of the first case , there is an accusation .
the British transport police want to speak as part of the investigation as part of the investigation as part of the investigation .
according to the police , the first car is a colours .
the Uzrage inspector , Tony Fitzkrick in the words : &apos; we have grounds to believe that the driver &apos;s driver spoke with the victim in the power plant . if the second person was repeating him and then a car raped .
we want to know what was said in this conversation , but the leader may be aware of the important details that would help us in examining us .
the leader of another vehicle , which was described as the &apos; St VW , the police , according to the police , were likely to be the victim at home when he had been raped for a second time .
the Genie cat Genie has been brought to a year .
the bail-out coffers , who was the beneficiary of its own owner , was described as a year &apos;s harvest .
the Genie was recognised , as he loved its owner , Lincoln from Evie Henderson ( 11 ) , in the course of the six chemical routes .
Evie has diagnosed a pobin in 2016 and Genie helped it , according to his own words , a number of painful operations and long hospital in hospital . it is out of time .
the charity of the Car Protectit Protectit in London .
the pictures of the pictures : Evie says that he had lost his long brown over the whole of the chemical world .
&apos;in my view it is the best .
he is worthy of it .
he has always existed for me &apos; , Evie has said .
&apos;he came to my bat and , in addition to my feet .
he was deported by the pat and he then drift to the sins at my heart .
when I was too sick for my friends to come to the village , and I had to sit at home , he had to me , and that changed me with me . rejoice by offering a major consolation &apos; .
according to the words , he has a particular link to its favourite nature , which was a huge amount of support for her Jewish treatment .
&apos;this way was very out , as I had a long brown hair .
however , as there is the room for the Genie in the same way , and that I lost my own Jewish and Genie themselves . a bit of this whole shock &apos; .
Mrs Chenderson , Mr Chenderson , said that it has been &apos; excellent attention &apos; and described the way in Evie . a vibrant favourite favourite favourite favourite .
&apos;Evie was a hospital in 300 days , so we spent a lot of time there , and it offered something to her if he was to some value . the day out of the day &apos; .
a 11-year-old saying : &apos; I in every day I was in a hospital , and my family said that he was every one of my family , and my family said that he was all right . also .
he is my best friend , and I really do not know what I would like to do .
the business group is binding the government to agree on the transitional conditions of the Brexas .
one of the UK &apos;s largest group of business lobbies is prompting the government to end the tantale of the Brexis on the periphery .
the Innotions of the &apos; transitional agreement &apos; in order to make progress with the Brexis of the &apos; transitional agreement &apos; in order to make progress in the Brexon . that is the case .
it is a desire for the government to establish a &apos; bridge between the &apos; Brexon &apos; bridge between the EU and the establishment of new trade agreements .
a group warned that , without such an agreement , the short-term chaotic fluctuating fluctuations in commercial activity &apos; .
they criticised the government &apos; transition to all possible speculative disputes in the field of speculative disputes .
in recent weeks , members of the government have tabled contradictory views on how long the transition period takes and what it entails .
the IVD report &apos; : &apos; the possibility of transition &apos; is written in the letter : &apos; instead of a far habit of the problem , the government must create it . the subject of a strategic debate .
this could minimise the growing confusion and insecurity in this area .
Mr Lyon , an economic scientist and the group Economists on the motto of the Brexon , described this week &apos; . the &apos; Brexon &apos; Brexon &apos; the &apos; panel of panicards &apos; , which is reminiscent of fear of the M2K CRS .
Mr Hammond , Philip Hammond warned in June : &apos; there is a large number of commercial investments , which are being postponed , until companies can see more clearly what these discussions are likely to see . the result is &apos; .
Allie Renison , the ID and the leader of trade policy , said : &apos; Kandalel , has the right to be concerned about the delay in business investments .
this is one of the most frequent changes to the relocation of the EU , one of the most frequent changes that must be dealt with in relation to the Brexon .
the latter is particularly the case of the members of the ID in Northern Ireland who are currently considering a common seat or the relocation &apos; .
the ID offers a number of opportunities , including the following extension of Article 50 ( ID ) .
accession to the European Economic Area
it is to remain within the remit of the European Union legislation .
the creation of a transitional customs agreement , like the customs union of the EU
Renison said : &apos; the ID provided for the transition in connection with the transition , in the hope that it is an unproper debate on the issue of how the best of the Brexon is the best of the Brexon . to finish it .
a prioritisation of the interim orders and , therefore , easing the risk of exit from the EU , means that short-term chaotic fluctuations are not reduced . the possibilities for the future &apos; .
Australians are at a crossroads
professional sport is a crossroads in Australia : some areas have been fiercely on the way that sport is not too commercially as far as sport is classed as far as sport is not too commercially . ;
others are returning to the world of amateur , which is too sporting dictates that it is a business of sport .
this is a mess of the mess of Crick Austria ( ( ca ) The embarrassing delays in achieving a wage agreement , the Australian country ( understand ) the deciding team by the Australian , the Sustralian Festival of the Australian independent , independent commission of an independent commission . in the case , and the intransigence of the AFL ) to be the flag of social justice among the people .
the Investment Bank and the Australian Committee on sport , Mr Wylie , has been trying to lead the Olympic sport to the same path as the Olympic sport . business men , who have no elite experience in the area of sport .
Kaetation gigant Rio Tino , who has the reputation of the anti-Australian . in order to reach an agreement .
Mrs David Peever is the former executive president of the Rio tiny , the former executive President , and he asked for the latter to resort to the wage negotiations for the CAP . the driver and the adviser .
however , it would be mistaken to think that elite businessmen , whose approach is untenable in communicating with criminals , does not love this sport .
Mr Peever was , for example , a regular visit of the SGP , until he was able to another country in the home .
in spite of this , strict negotiations between the ca and Acta and extremely high wages have given the impression that Australian country &apos;s favourite , is now more of business than the white of sport .
on the contrary , however , the role of an inmanable leader , the former former Managing Director of Clyne , the failure of the Clyne , the inability of Clyne to the Austris . the Salian Super Rugby team to the roots .
the people of the RagbiUnion now prefer to drag on the periphery in order to look at the amateur teams of the game and , at the same time , shouldered and innocence . a dog of the dog .
the Ragbile is disgusting that they have the most qualified and more diversified Bureau , but far too far from international partners &apos; requirements in this respect , it is still far too much on sport in order to be a business .
both radicals and football have problems with leadership , as the stakeholders are demanding more power .
both too chairmen , Mr Grant Art , Mr Grant Art , has shown that their business skills do not have their business skills . it has been enough to achieve corporate stability .
Grana , former Kangaroo , a successful IT company , but it was 20 years out of the game .
it became a value when a newly created Armed Armed Force was needed .
too stakeholders , who did not trust each other , decided that no one who has been involved in the Commission &apos;s work , no one who has taken part in the last three years . apart from the passive phenomenon .
however , if you go too far , however , and too fans have been looking for a bail-out of this time - someone who would have a name in sport . the past .
as the leader of the Foreign Affairs Committee on Foreign Affairs , Mr Lowwy , the President of the leader of the role of the chairman of the Australian Australian .
the club clubs want to be better represented at the board in the constituent Congress .
their owners lose money , but believe they are just as decent as Manchester unites .
irony , sports and business ethics sends an ambassador to FIFA to the end of the civil war in sport .
the AFL-has had its own links with the Rio Tintov , the former Commissioner , Mhomas Fitzon and the former Commissioner , Mr Chinezi and the former Commissioner , Mr Chines . Lynch , the mining giant by the financial leader .
it is too proud to take the role of the national leader in promoting gender equality , the activities of gender equality and the promotion of gay rights .
some cynists could insinuate that this will be done in the milk of the government .
Mr Goyder , Mr Goyder , Mr Goyder said , &apos; AFL is more than a business , given the way in which the AFL has nothing more than a business , given how it was about . it is to help all these communities &apos; .
Mr Goyder is the first Presidency of Mr Wesfarm , the chief executive President and the first Presidency of the AFL-A , who has not played the game at the top level of the game .
the former Wesfarmer Boel Every , is a member of the Wesfarmer , Bob Every , is in the governing board .
the notorious features of the members of the Governing Board of members of the Governing Board is concerned .
they have forgotten about something that could be called on to be called on to be called on in the face of the recruitment of business people .
what is more , many corporate heavyweights are not used to the intensive and sometimes personal level of critical monitoring of the media .
something that works in a corporate world may not be transferred to the sport sector .
the Court of Jordan enacted by the United States of America on the killing of the United States of America .
the Court of Jordan has established the Jordanian Court of Jordanian soldiers last year to the Jordanian dictator last year .
the Swar court last month was determined by the last month in the last month , a senior Marine al-Tuuhale for South Jordan last month . this killing was a difficult piece of work , together with difficult work .
the Al-Tuberhhy opened the Americans to the cargo , stating that he was afraid of an attack on the base .
after a video with a video , however , showed that he continued to be shot when two Americans were stolen , if two American children were stolen , if two American children were sourced . with the death of the shooting .
Mrs Akhbar , the Akhbar , which is linked to the Jordan of Jordan , on Thursday , that a military appeal by the five courts . the Court of Justice confirmed the closure of al-Bashir .
as Syconverter Stallone is in a guest role in the &apos; second season &apos; of our life in the second season .
Mrs Fogelman , Dan Fogelman , on Thursday , the Critics Association within the framework of the Co-and-touch forum , that the NBC &apos;s popular , and in the second season , the Syconverter Stallone .
as we see it as a guest in Kevin ( Justin Harusy ) in the role of the European Parliament at the beginning of the season . that is the case .
&apos;Kevin plays a large film and we needed a major compilation &apos; , Fogelman has said .
at the end of the last season , Kevin has a very important role in the horror of Ris Howardi filmed filmed .
at this time , we are seeing the way in the project and also warns its relations with the demise of Alexandra Breckenridge . that is the case .
according to Fogelman , the Stallone &apos; film , in which Kevis participates &apos; .
&apos;our life &apos; Watch Milo Ventimiglia , who has the father of Krisy &apos;s father , who play the mood of Krisy &apos;s father , play a meeting as a coincidence . the year &apos;s film &apos; Mry Balboa , the &apos; Stalyone &apos; i .
Fogelman said that &apos; in the case of the Ventimiglia of the Gogelone was probably what helped the charter of a great deal . the visitors to the chord .
&apos;We have an excellent scenario for him .
I believe that this must be a truly exciting &apos; , a friend Fogelman .
&apos;our life &apos; of our lives on 26 September .
James Harrisis spends around 300 000 dollars a year in order to keep their own body in play .
each play of the NFL-A player is dependent on their own body .
it is therefore also investing in many other avenles of money into poor maintenance and reproduction in order to stay in the top form .
the Yremy Fowwler portal for ESP.com to look at how far there are some alerans are ready to go to go to their own potato . let us procrastinate .
however , no case is as extreme as extreme as the 39-year-old James Harrison , 14 years , in the G20 . the player on the protection line .
according to Fwawler , Harrisis 300 000 dollars per year on the brink of USD 300 000 per year . to put in practical practices and to the bankers .
most of the costs relate to the travel of the country to meet with specialists .
&apos;I do not need to have a record of such things &apos; , Harrising has said .
&apos;when compared with my expenditure , the payments are worthy of this , given how I feel &apos; .
Mr Mitchell , Harrison &apos;s trader and teteam in Sroad , the tenateco-compliant Sroad , the evaluation of the annual rate of care for their body . a tax on 200 000 .
the 30-year-old Mitchell of the year has been relaxing the body ( in English &apos; ) , as Mr Fowwler described as &apos; 55 years &apos; ) , which Mr Fowwler described as &apos; 55 the use of the kilo metals &apos; .
&apos;Let himself on it , Mr Mitchell said .
&apos;when you have a seat in the top place , and they are going to move around , it is sometimes painful .
however , when you stand up , the tension has now disappeared .
this is just under way out of the tension &apos; .
they are ready to make additional efforts , but the former NVAs , Mr Cofield and Ryan Harris will spend a year on recovery . on average , 50 000 dollars .
Cofield , who played 10 season in the ranks of New York , Giants and Washington Reding , have expressed their regret that he did not . spent more .
&apos;if I could go back , I would like to invest even more &apos; , Mr Fowler , said &apos; .
&apos;Looter would probably take more than two times .
I was the first eight years of a very good health .
the end would perhaps have been helpful in more procedures &apos; .
Ryan Shazier , a 24-year-old forest protection line , expressed its willingness to enter into its telephony Stilersi &apos;s team . in the footsteps of my fellow children .
&apos;if you have a sum of 100 000 dollars , and there is a rather simple &apos; , Mr Shaziier said .
as far as the career is concerned , investment in the recovery of players is much smarter than money spent on cars and vegetables .
at the centre of the NFL-A player , if it can be able to play longer than 30 years , all the more so Harrisard &apos;s success . on the second point .
however , perhaps they will be able to find a few local specialists .
how the printer Diana was using her meal weapon
when I think of the following , Mrs Diversity , the first thing we need to do is a bridge with our eyes .
a young girl in a young girl .
the black wave of the black wave of his Martin Bashir , the &apos; Panorama &apos; interview , the effects of which was devastating when he was carrying through through . the cookies have looked at , taking the famous infant fable phrase : &apos; we were three in this march , so it was slightly too popular &apos; that is the case .
the big and notorious eyes , surrounded by his squest , a flash in the black line , left the impression of being left open to the impression of it .
it is this effect that he has attempted to achieve .
outside the public , the printer Diana was never involved in a particularly meal , at least not on the basis of the modern standards .
it was not just that he did not need it - he was , of course , beautiful - but he saw this type of commitment , something that is more related to it . work as a sham .
he may have had a carte in the public .
once again he came in the office of Conde , Vogue , the office of the publishers &apos; office , carrying the cotax , almost orange of orange . the layer .
he was sorry to say that his sin will be as if it goes out &apos; normally &apos; normally &apos; , as if he were to go out &apos; normally &apos; , then walking out . photographnographs picked him and then put all the accusations that he sees &apos; minor &apos; , &apos; more heated &apos; and &apos; tired &apos; . that is the case .
it is for this reason that Mrs Diana three times a week in an insult to its own home .
today , of course , it would be a bad thing for healthy reasons , but for Diana , it enabled him to show the world the nature of its head , even though . the black clout and boxes were handled by black clouds .
one of the greatest error in the King family was expected to think that if they approve it as a husband &apos;s husband , they will be able to live with one small coins . a person who only has the sugar whistt .
the opposite was true , however .
he may not be the best of class in school , but when it was about the creation of an impassionate school .
in Mrs Diana , the importance of the man was that it was possible to use them to be used .
otherwise , they did not have the slightest interest .
his friend Rosk Monckton - Diana Diana was in her youngest child in memory of her - remember that there was nothing of what they were doing to talk about .
&apos;Let &apos; I remember this &apos; , he said , &apos; how much relief he felt in those times when we went together , and he did not have myself . the &apos; .
today , we tend to think about a man as something that improves the woman &apos;s expression , but when looking back at the loss of a woman , it is clear that we are looking back to the life cover , it is clear that he used it as a tool of PPR .
these moments in which he felt the most free of all was his own , these moments , when he was also the most natural in which he was also the most natural , by carrying out the most natural . a very little amount of us .
in 1993 , together with our two young son Thorpe in Hhorll , Leave , he was going through . wake up and praised the day , in ripsthemakels , as in any other mother , who will spend the day with children .
four months after the announcement was announced by his and Charler , he finally saw an outingly worrying and &apos; normal &apos; .
or in a later years , you will see a trace of bicycle , Jews , you are in the middle of the bicycles , I see a trace in cyclists . this is pumping , health and vitality of life from every one of his son .
the end of his life , when he started his or her independence , we saw more and more of this kind of Diana .
he has committed himself to the Halo TNeighbourhood and walking in January 1997 .
at that time , the Jews at the moment , Jewish soft and natural , almost almost entirely meigifree , he would probably see a nem out of more than ever . in the past , reminding you of this remains a shining and hopeful young girl who , 15 years ago , were smiling .
Mrs Diana was just reaching its best years .
in the early times , a young at Spencer , a young at the time of the early nature of Raffers .
however , it was not long until the &apos; printed disguised &apos; - a process that was carried out mainly by the press and the pale , in order to do so . a young woman who would be worth in his new state of affairs .
it was in part in part of the Clayton Howard , veternane , who Lord Snowardon has often used photographs . the seatings , the work of the day .
Mr Howard met for the first time in Snowdon , in Snowdon , in Snowdon , in order to perpetuate the magazine Vogus . an official layer .
at this moment , at the end of the 1980s , Mrs Diana was at the end of the 1980s .
his most fine beauty licences were originated from Mr Body Shopt , for example , the Oderflora .
Mr Factori Sheer Genius &apos;s Honey Toubon , Sheer Genius on that occasion , Honey Toubon and Max FA . in the meantime , the Frome Coral , Frosd Coral .
he was weaten by Elizabeth Arden Ricabeth Arden Rice and Timberland and a white , white bull . at the time of the day , there is the refeof .
the external action of Elizabeth Arden Sbeth Arden Sbeth Arden , is improving the EU . that is the case .
and we know all of this , because Howard created a man for her .
&apos;Diversity is both an admirable colours that I wanted to stress the fact that he said &apos; , he was written later .
the end result is not particularly attractive for such a young girl - he looks like a 18 years old , which is becoming 50 .
it is too oppressive and has been given too much forever lignite .
the most striking here , however , is the notorious bridge with a bridge from the village in this tonnes of tonnes of Disney &apos;s briefin . that was the case .
the Fantasics as a fantasy .
it is not wonder why Mrs Diana was somewhat unsure of us .
one source of the source of Diversity was the fact that he was never aware of where the public family is coming to an end .
it was the beginning of this process .
a person who is likely to be most affected by Mr Greenwell , who plays an important role in the modern world of today . the role .
the Meigustist , who is now among others , for Chanai , is still one of the countries of the world .
&apos;Dian incredibly beautiful leather and long cagious &apos; , it is reminiscent .
&apos;he was simply a wonderful miracle .
the men spoke him .
he was a sein , without her having been trying to do so &apos; .
the Mary met , for the first time in 1991 , when Vogue , asked him asked him to do . there was a photographic photography Patxer , the photography Patxer Demarcheer Demarcheer Demarcheer Demarcheeer .
the team belonged , Sam McKnger .
it was then when Mrs and Charley were the greatest and public support .
&apos;they did not tell us who is , although we knew that this is a very famous famous &apos; , Mr GreenNeell .
&apos;when we came up , Mrs Diana was simply standing there , a soya and friendly and extremely excitement , that it can be the Vogue &apos; the presentation &apos; .
it is a rocky picture - Diana lethled by the puppes , the horrog relied on the hands , his blue eyes , your eyes , cynicism . for elegant French manic , Jews for short cut - was upheavalled .
this radiation , individuality and elegant .
above all , it was a modern , giving it to the nineties of early ninees , and by creating a strong contrast to Diana and the strong contrast . the King family , who had a &apos; dose Croats &apos; , as the Queen was subsequently mentioned by the King .
&apos;Diana was very tense with his man .
he simply wanted to see a fresh and different &apos; , Mr Greenwell .
during time he was taught himself to be taught himself - the rule , the checkling rule , the peer , the peer , the peer , the beet of cool our eyes . the ash cloud - and he emphasised healthy skin care , encouraging her to look after itself and to follow the word &apos; internal beauty &apos; .
Diana &apos; did everything in a moderate way , Greenwell .
he was sleeping enough and reduced alcohol consumption , which is very important for the benefit of the poor .
I prefer Guerlain &apos;s speech , Guerlain , Clars , Clars , Clars , Clars . the &apos; catch-the-eye &apos; dimension .
however , the greatest service was made by Mary Diana , was his alienated to you from the blue side .
&apos;that was just as much parents &apos; , he said .
instead , it used the combination of brown brothers and neutral tones , together with the brown aciacis , with the brown of league , which were between each other . it has been said , so everything was fine .
it often often used the tone of the tone and a little suncers , that Mrs Diana needs to be emphasised .
&apos;Dian was a habit of telling me , and I would like to call on me to discuss the products that I very much like to say &apos; , Mr Greenau said &apos; . ell me .
&apos;I think it was a relax for him ; the possibility of taking a few moments &apos; .
his leask was a luxury mark in Clarini .
Mrs Diana has allegedly used to clean light milk for their sensitive skins , and for the cleaning milk of these Alppphur milk and the tone of their Alpphur milk .
he also played a cosmetic about a regularly exhibition in the Filderman in Central London .
Mr President , Mr President , was a beautiful smoother , but sometimes she had a rockets , a moderate arouses , which is often the result of stress .
in order to mitigate this , it used the natural disorders , including the oil of fibre oil .
&apos;Dian has a magnificent luxury structure &apos; , was said by Greenwall .
the only part of his appearance in relation to which he was very confident was he .
Mr Harkin remarked : &apos; once the newspapers wrote that he had visited the Ninbut in his rhetoric , he addressed me to me and said . in the different : &apos; honestly , if I had been allowed to burn its wheat , whether you are going to have chosen ? &apos;
when Mary GreenNeelli and Sam McKniguht &apos;s advice started to have closed , Mrs Diana herself with her new expression . more and more confident about this .
one of its most disgusting cases - in 1994 in 1994 , the Serpentine Front in London in 1994 , where he had a famous &apos; rebellion &apos; . it was &apos; , a provocative , unprofitable , figurrry , Mrs Stavolide , is showing that it started to take shape during the end of his life .
for short and over the deserts , Mrs Diana at the same time is Diary and dynamic , his short Feng in sharp contrast to the acute contrasts . it is a call for a black black bidle .
he is a perfect - attractive but , at the same time , a humble , a black bridge in the face of his eyes .
without simply , elephments , particularly red tape , citing cored layer , it is rather likely to be the fodder , quite possibly Revlk , quite possibly Revlk . there are a line which then became a trademark in some respects .
a few months later , he avoided his elegant of a red manager in the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom of the Kingdom .
the prince was the level of health and self-confidence .
finally , he has full control .
the daily and in its form , his mek , he will do exactly what he wants to think : here there is a woman who seems to have to think : here there is a woman who seems to have to say : there is a woman who seems to have to do so . it is , after all , a self-background and the purpose of life and , after all , having received just 36 , found their place .
it is a real pity that he did not prove that .
the IAAF warns that petitions are monitored sharply by the London World Cup .
on Friday , the World Cup and athletes in London on Friday , and the sportspeople are more heavily in the light of the doping scandal than ever before . that is the case .
these World Cup are the first to be selected by a new body , athletic Unit ( AIU ) what is also monitoring corruption , gambling games and the falsification of the results .
&apos;No &apos; cannot be ruled out that the nature of people does not allow such things to happen .
we can say , however , that we have the best practices and the best anti-doping programme , which can be available at all on the basis of information and data collection , and we shall see . after the event &apos; , Mr Howman , said &apos; , Mr Howman , said .
the AU has promised 19 athletes around 190 athletes who are caught in the sea , neutral sportsmen .
the bullying of the trur is probably a federal crime , according to the former prosecutors , the federal crime is probably a federal crime
who leaked the President of the President and the transcripts between the leaders of foreign countries and the leaders of foreign countries . on Thursday , the former prosecutors , when legislators have made an appeal to clarify .
&apos;unauthorised disclosure of these documents to the press is a crime &apos; , the former Columbia community , Joe People &apos;s Columbia . Mr News .
these are different acts involving the disclosure of conversations between the President and the leaders of foreign leaders , is a serious threat to national security .
the Washington , on the basis of the new details of the new details on Thursday , on the basis of the new details on Thursday in January , the President of Mexico , Mr PENA , the President of Mexico . the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia , Mr Turmes .
in the first instance , the Mexican state of Mexico claims to end public proclamation that his government does not pay the border .
according to the newspaper , transcripts , which indicate that the National Security Council Council has been revamped by the National Security Council .
the Post said that the &apos; dragged in Valle Maand the workers &apos; and based on the White House &apos; and which were based on the White House &apos; and which were based on the White House . the publishers &apos; publishes .
&apos;there is a flaw in the law that makes it classified as unauthorised persons to dissent a crime , a federal crime &apos; , a former New York State , said a former New York State . the Public Prosecutor Doug Burnd telephone interview .
although some of their speeches came before the public in February , marks a much greater blow to the Valgele Motle , who is seeking a leisure in the White House . it is possible to reduce .
the report was published at a time when the Klawledginquiries were prepared strongly to the public on Friday in order to demonstrate its commitment to the classified information on Friday . grubbing-up .
the Chief Prosecutor , Jeff Sespensions , the National Prosecutor , Dan Coasi , the Deputy Prosecutor , General Ros Rocents . the head of the National Centre for Security and Security , William HEvan , is expected to be expected by the Ministry of Justice at the Ministry of Justice at the Ministry of Justice at the Ministry of Justice at the Ministry of Justice .
it is not clear whether the Ministry of Justice will examine the Ton Poti .
in order for someone to be able to account for this , according to Burns , the &apos; clear elements &apos; must be clearly proven &apos; .
he said that &apos; on this subject , with reference to the investigation and decision of the former Secretary of State ( Hillary Clinton Millary Clinton Millary Hillary Clinton , and the decision of the decision . not to present .
these considerations include the labelling and history of the document and its exact classifications .
in the case of secrecy , the prosecutors are investigating whether the document has been leaked to an unauthorised person in a way that has a negative impact on the interests of the United States .
&apos;if all this can be proven , people can no doubt have a criminal protection in the situation &apos; , in Burns .
&apos;there is no doubt &apos; .
when it comes to the transcription of telephone calls , the Genova , who was a public prosecutor for the spioning cases , the Prosecutor of the Soniiai , who was a public prosecutor for SJiiians . such documents are &apos; usually classed as being smuggled and higher in &apos; .
by arguing that these leaks threaten the ability of the US Government to pursue foreign policy , a address to the Chief Prosecutor General , a federalist criminal prosecutor . the whole of the men to find the levers .
he also said that the Washington Pot reporters and editors telephone calls from the Washington Post reporters and editors telephone calls should be provided - that is something . what the reporters will no doubt be protesting against .
in the case of UTAH , Mr Lee , said on Thursday , Capitol Hill , on Thursday , that there should be criminal offences . the procedure .
&apos;We need to find a person who leaked them - he must be punished , and he must be unleashed by Lee News &apos; . in Newsi HQ &apos; .
&apos;this is unacceptable and should never happen &apos; .
Lee , who worked as a lawyer before he was elected in the Senate in 2010 , it said that such cake is a &apos; crime , a very serious federal crime &apos; that is the case .
&apos;That does not , and should not be accompanied only by dismissal but also criminal proceedings , given that the classified information is involved in the &apos; war .
Fox News were said that at this stage the announcement by the Ministry of Justice to give an overview of what the Ministry of Justice hopes to achieve , not to explain certain things . the procedures .
the last week was criticised by President Sessionan , and has kept her anger publicly on the Chief Prosecutor , stating that it is not enough enough to find the levers . that is the case .
&apos;I would like the Chief Prosecutor would be much more afraid of the leaks that come from the security agencies &apos; , the trum said on 25 July . that is the case .
in Sesview , last week , Fox News Tucker Carlson , that he is not satisfied with what the President is to the President . since his inaudience , we have repeatedly set up obstacles to the efforts made .
&apos;I have not been satisfied with the procedures and enquiries of the past , said in the wall .
even some of the President critically take the floor , saying that this practice is detrimental to foreign policy efforts .
a transcription of the President of the President and the leader of the foreign country , is scandalous , shocking and dangerous &apos; , David frum on Thursday . high .
&apos;It is extremely important for the President to be able to communicate in a confidential way - and perhaps even more importantly , that the leaders of the foreign countries understand that they will be able to answer the confidential answer &apos; .
Senator Mark Warner Mark Warner ( D-Va ) , the leader of the Security Committee , Mr Daily Bearasti , was also said by Senator Mark Warner . that the &apos; absolutely &apos; worrying &apos; is &apos; absolutely &apos; worrying and the Congress should investigate this .
the United States &apos; naval waters have been put in order to remove the coffee from the American flag on the American flag .
in writing . - ( FR ) In the wake of the dispute between the US Glora and Florida .
Mr Ackert , the officer of the United States of America , Mr Ackert says that he received the Talsettlement Southwall . from a letter from the Union , in which he will be asked to remove or face up to a national flag .
he said WCVTV that he is not going to give up , without winning , and has submitted an appeal .
&apos;How to this in all honesty , when he said in this .
and I think that people should fight in any form , especially on the one hand .
Mr Ackert said that the country of the Union of homelessness is not in line with the values of the Soulview .
the United States &apos; naval waters of the United States , Mr Ackert , that he was obliged to remove his post cat . in the case .
as a result of the &apos; Phafall season we are asking you to remove the &apos; Pyhadeseason , we are asking you to remove the &apos; Pyhadeseason .
fine may be out of 30 days before and must be withdrawn from 15 days at the latest .
he said that there has been four years in the area .
it was able to put its own house in 30 days &apos; time .
the messages from the Southwki Union did not receive an immediate response from Thursday morning .
some of the Ackert neighbour , WCTV said that the letter was slightly harsh , and they were not particularly surprised by the actions of the citizens &apos; Union .
&apos;&apos; they do such things all the time &apos; , Mate Stephenson .
in my view , this is ridiculous .
why should there not be patriotic in our own country ?
Mr PATEL said : &apos; it is a veternity who served our country .
it is just a flag , a flag .
I do not think this is right .
the house belongs to him , at least it could be allowed .
it has been said in the citizens &apos; Union that the Ackert has 15 days to remove around 15 days , otherwise he will be going to be fined .
he has not received an answer to my appeal .
a number of Emmy ninaau has received USD 4.35 million for the Hollywood cost EUR 4.35 million dollars in Hollywood . the home in West , which is rooted in the atomic age .
in the middle of this century , the central style of this century , Josef Van der Kar , and called it to its original owners , nuclear weapons . the tracks of the Albert and Mrs Wohlstein Wohlstein Wohlstein .
the limited entry line between the 25 and square metres of the 25 and square metres of a glass of glass , which is a glass of glass that is opening up . they are going to go , healthy and domestic levers .
living and eating food is a recurring , more wranking , sleeping and dissent panels that are opening up .
the main parts of the House make up three forms of magistrates and three .
there is also a separate fact-finding house that will be opening up to the gigantic fisher , which is opening up the gigantic fisher and the magnet .
there is also an age-old buildings and additional storage .
Albert Wohlstein was a powerful nuclear route during the Cold War .
Mrs Wohlstein Wohlstein Wohlstein &apos;s analysis of the situation before the Pan-arl Harbori &apos;s attack was also quoted in 11 September .
the Wohlstein has welcomed the presidential administration of both the republics and the presidential administration of the Republican and Democrats , including John F. Kesneyt , in the time of the missile crisis in Cuba .
they were Ronald Reagan , the President of Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
the Baer is the most well-known in its work , the Kirabihospital and &apos; See , on behalf of the right of the &apos; Kirabihospital : the investigation unit of sexual crimes &apos; .
Mr Deay / Penner , Mr Deay and Sara Crishanan &apos;s company , Deay / Penner and Partn . that is the case .
the purchaser , Hattie RAMIREZ , CIREZ .
the Agriculture museum will be judged tomorrow for heavy transport horses .
on this Saturday , on 5 August , on 5 August , Estonia will take place on the day of the Estonian Raskeyal Day .
one of the three horrors from the horse of the horse and the horse of the horse .
the day of the Raskeyal Day will take place this year on 23 times and a year of a year of workplaces .
this day will be compared and an evaluation of young people in heavy transport horses , are being compared and there is an evaluation of young people .
in addition , the work done by the best argues .
more than 350 of heavy transport horses have been brought over to more than 350 .
the maintenance of the quality and the use of horses will also be presented at a general level .
on the same day , it will be possible to visit the issuing of the Estonian Agricultural mutuum and stupid and to take part in thematic work on the same day . that is the case .
action will be found in every age of visitors .
a toy is taking place for children , the possibility of travelling to a pon or horses , to take part in the lines of the Coltas and visit the Kolus Patthesis . that is the case .
there is also an issue for the issue of food and manual goods are also taking place .
the day of Estonia &apos;s HGGE Day will jointly be organised by Estonia , Estonia &apos;s HGVs , Estonia &apos;s HGVs ) , Estonia &apos;s HGVs , and Estonia &apos;s agriculture .
the Taliban will be supported by the Estonian Civil education Union .
Leil Fochins &apos; Blog Archon &apos; Made and road remedial work
there is no room for improvement on the ground as a medical office , I am now bound to lose out , be it in the forest or the farmer .
the quality of machines and work has improved considerably , and everything is happening at the same time at its own time .
it is now being reconstructed mainly from the cup of rural repair , mistakes and delays are being sought , and they will be corrected .
in addition , there has been more stringent environmental standards , which was not addressed for decades .
construction materials have been renewed , for example , in the construction of tratings , instead of the ralastons of the past , instead of the ralastges and the Clavs . in addition to the stoning , the geotext .
in the past , you were able to have been secured and untreasure ( MP , SME ) and mountain .
the protection of the environment is to be brought to protect the environment before they reach natural entrants or rivers . the feeds , which should be cleaned from the possible crop and poisoned residues .
there are often a wolbids or they are going to grow there for the seeds of seeds .
Hundinians have had their own filtering toxic substances .
the pictures of the pictures of the picture last year and this week in the surface of the surface was built , the fire fire was built on the bright of fire . it is complaining .
and that some of them were not going to be dragged down on the plague of the fins .
there is also the improvement of forest routes alongside the cleaning of the crop .
the theft of forest between forests should be part of the wrong track , which will also be a further cut-off .
a better line with the rule of law , which will continue to be made right now , and which will soon be ready .
it is a private line .
the Vallacontinue is going ahead , and there is an improvement in the errors of crop and roads and has become an obvious improvement in the cut-off errors .
the report : Mr Mueller called for a study on the whole of the members of Russia .
the &apos; Street Jouron , announced that Russia and Donald sprung to the possible links between Russia and Donald . there have been a total of old men .
it states that the whole of the old men is a new and significant improvement in the research activities of the special prosecutor Robert Mueller &apos;s research in relation to whether or not the trump or his main . the advisers had to promote the President of the Republic of 2016 to promote the President of the Republic of 2016 .
the NBC News has announced before Mr Mueller , the director of FBI , the director of FBI , who is now leading this critical investigation . it was appointed was appointed by public prosecutors , the former national security adviser , Mr Flynn and the trump of the former campaign of campaigner , Mr Managroup . as part of the senior men &apos;s homes .
one of the President &apos;s own lawyers , John DOWD said the NBC News , that he was not aware that Mr Mueller has begun to start in the age . the full use of men .
&apos;Let Bob Mueller and his team from 1 June since 1 June , because we want to get it to one side , he said .
in the new context of the &apos; federalist &apos; whole &apos; , we have no reason to believe that the President of the President is under the investigation &apos; .
NBC News has not confirmed the data of Journal .
the use of the old men &apos;s full use is the usual part of a complex investigation , and it is not a tool designed only for the hearing of testimony , but also to obtain information and data . to obtain individuals from individuals or businesses .
it is a powerful tool that the public prosecutors may use the prosecution and judicial professions , and it may refer that Mr Mueller &apos;s work is not far from being done . it has been done .
the trump has been denied that he or some of his team in 2016 &apos;s presidential campaign with Russia over 2016 .
Moscow officials have also denied the role played by Moscow officials in November last year .
the President &apos;s Special adviser , Ty Cobs said that he was not aware that Mr Mueller has started the use of new old men .
the &apos; related to the GPD is usually a secret &apos; , Cobs in the statement .
the white Maand is in favour of everything that will speed up its work fairly .
the white Earth is fully committed to working with Mr Muellei .
the former FBI Director , Jim ComMy , has said three times that the President is not under investigation , and we have no reason to believe that things have changed . &apos;.
the Australian bank of the Commonbroadband Commont Commonella Commonwealth .
the Australian Government put the country &apos;s largest mortgage in the Gmonweth Bank on Thursday , the money laundering of money laundering and the rules on the financing of terrorism .
the financial intelligence agency , AUSTRAC , that they have initiated a &apos; serious and systematic failure of the Commin Commi , a &apos; serious and systematic failure &apos; . the &apos; lack of compliance &apos; in the largest case in Australia , and in the first place where the accused is a large bank .
&apos;CommBank &apos;s behaviour in this matter has left the Australian society without a serious and lasting financial crime .
the Commonblock Bek in his statement that they will examine the allegations , &apos; when the time is right .
Australia &apos;s largest mortgage in the Australian SAustralia did not &apos; know &apos; in the right time or at all , &apos; which concerns the total of more than USD 77 million in Australia ( 61 million US dollar ) &apos; , AUSTRAC .
according to the agency , the Agency has committed a violation of 53 700 money laundering and terrorist funding , especially with regard to the so-called &apos; intelligent &apos; inpayers &apos; .
the previous largest case of this type was the previous largest case in the past this year , Australip the Holdforp Holdforp , who had just 108 claims . violation .
Mr Tabcorp cost EUR 45 million for Australia &apos;s dollar , and this is the biggest civil offence in the Australia-Australia-.
the representative of the AU representative refused to comment on the possible penalty or whether the Agency may have other banks .
the maximum penalty on money laundering and the financing of terrorism in the event of exceeding the law , 18 million of Australia in the event of exceeding the law .
the Intelligent Deautions are a particular type of bank disorders , which are adopted by both cash and Chechens . there are anonymous contributions .
according to AUC , there is a significant increase in the use of the intelligent insolvency due to their introduction in May 2012 .
in the six months before the month of the six months before the month of 2016 to 5.8 billion to USD 89 million in the first six months of the year 2016 . when the CommBank automs .
the AUSTRAC claims in the legal documents that the money for cash was made from the counterfeit names , so that the income in the vessel importing the drugs are imported . the radicals .
&apos;even after the Commission &apos;s attention was drawn up by CommBanki . the CommBank of our clients in order to make it more difficult and manage money laundering and the financing of terrorism &apos; .
Mrs TRAC , that the Commission &apos;s accounts were also used to &apos; at the mercy &apos; ; it is a monetary laundering of money . what involves transfers between countries without the money actually supposed to overcome international borders .
the two influential women share their success in the secrecy
what is the joint Mrs Corcorano and Laila Ave ?
at first glance , these women come from two completely different parts of the world .
the New York obsession with Corcoran , has been able to turn a million-dollar loan for five billion years before implementing the rocket . its expertise on the screens , by participating in the KICC &apos;s seriousness of the gravity of the ABC &apos;s seriousness of life and of investors .
Laila Ali has come to his father in the footsteps , sending four times as the most successful female boxer to the most successful female boxer , before her . the role of the resformer , the author and the speaker , the authors and the speaker .
in spite of their unique career routes ( or perhaps because they are due to the fact that the TJ Maxx has on both women , so that they would help to speak in the Chamber . for the sake of hope to the rich , the fragility of stereotypes and achieving ambitious objectives .
last year , T.J. Maxx hundreds of women in shops across the country and found that 80 % of them feel that society has given them stereotypes . the dark and expectations of the roles .
consequently , they came up with Mr Maxx You , in order to help women to break these barriers .
Corcoron and Mr Ali know a great deal about it , and they may be at the top of this area , but it was not a smooth way for both of them .
Corcoran has already been in the middle school and the College , and had been working for the age of the age of 10 years .
there was one of the most male areas of one of the most male areas , and , in addition , we were trying to try to get out their own father early , who was the briefs . it is .
the two were , by saying , two of the knowledge acquired by the difficulties .
that is why we set out these influential women in order to talk about overcoming the failures , the success of the success and the lack of our concern about trust in business and in relationships .
what will inspire you to do what we deal with every day ?
Laila Ali : I am inspiring my personal aims on a daily basis .
I have shaped the habit of what I would like to achieve .
and I look at the list .
I find myself responsible .
I will , of course , inspire my children .
my ambition will inspire me .
I would like to be a victory for everything that I do in life .
I realise that the achievement of my objectives requires a serious work , but I am prepared to do so .
my confidence is the result of preparation .
I will therefore spend a lot of time to prepare .
Mrs Corcoran : as in Lake , I am a key to confidence in the preparation , but I will not draw its inspiration from it .
in actual fact , I am an inspiration for the news of the news .
what will happen if I do so ?
what will not be if I do not do that ?
this news bingon me this morning , because I cannot expect what the day brings with it .
if , in some day , I do not pretend to make these sentiments .
then I will stay in my own mood and I have taken inspiration again .
talk about a few obstacle to their career , which has made you better in the long term .
Mrs Corcoran : it was the most difficult for me to have been left behind my business partner and my secretarial .
I have completed a year later , but it was a year of my life - was horrible because I did not have enough confidence to leave .
I felt humiliated , there was no inspiration .
but the amazing things are happening .
it is most difficult to believe in this moment when you are hit by setbacks .
it was a very difficult year for our own feet and the re-start of business - this time without a partner - has been extremely difficult .
Laila Ali : I would say that my career was the most difficult time when I was dealing with boarding , I was at the top of my career . I decided to give the divorce into the divorce .
I did not separate my husband alone , but also of the then someone who taught me all of what I know about the boarding . that is the case .
I did not believe that I can do without it .
so I started to worry about the future of my career and I had to find time to take a step back and say : &apos; you have all the necessary knowledge and experience .
you have all these experiences in the boy community .
you will certainly be able to do so &apos; .
therefore , I was re-established a new team , and I continued my career .
in fact , it was simply necessary to achieve the right stage , as the rest of the rest was there .
I did what needs to be done , I had to face with fear and find the courage to get rid of their husbands and the mountain and to continue with their careers and to continue with their careers . everyone was left .
when did you know that you have really made progress ?
Laila Ali : I felt that I have made a success if I won the title of my first man &apos;s championship .
it was a really good feeling , because , starting with the boy , I wanted to be one of the best , to be unwinning .
I was able to achieve this , and I did not win the title of the championship , but in four cases .
Mrs Corcoran : a moment when I felt that I have made a success , was my 11 years of operation .
I was in the end at last .
I had made a profit of around 42 000 of the profits that I could not expected .
I went out straight away and I bought a new car , both a mother and a father of a new car , they never had a new car . where they have considered their retirement age .
I felt myself as the Queen of England .
I found myself as a fright .
I am going to do much more in the coming years , but nothing has been able to offer the same sense of being able to give their parents something back and to ravaged by surprise .
how have you been motivated in this 11 years in order to continue working ?
Mrs Corcoran : I have never quantified their business activities according to the profits , as it was not my intention .
I just wanted to see how far I can reach .
I have already set the dream of having a dream of a new estate in New York .
and I saw myself as a Pope - all of you are caught by my friend and God .
my family was such a little thought .
so , when I have made an effort every day , every hour , I actually did not think about the service .
finally , I did not get the money .
however , all the money that came up , I immediately turned back to the wayside .
I do not even believe that I was at all a disdatory days , where I would have thought that , for goodness , we will not earn money .
I was simply convinced that something is going to work .
the worst thing that could happen , would have been to lose a company and a pretext for the pretext .
I then do a good drink money and I was happy .
I could be happy .
therefore , I do not believe that a great deal of progress has been made by the people .
they are the other motives that are driven by them .
and the money was not one of my own .
do you have any advice to anyone who has such great dreams , but who will keep the financial factor back ?
Mrs Corcoran : when I started a lot of money , I had the money to invest in property , but I had no time .
Mr Rajalta &apos;s business .
and that is why I have found five different partners , who were not even specialists in the brokerrsk , but in the various neighbourhoods , in the various neighbourhoods , who felt in the different neighbourhoods . today , let us go through .
I am going to them to them and I said : &apos; you have known this neighbourhood .
my best building is the best building .
I am going to give you money and you will be my partner .
the lesson here is that if you have money , you will be the people to earn money from money .
and , if you have an talent , you may sell it to someone who has money , and instead to make money .
there are two aspects here : Anne and money .
but if there is not both together , nothing will happen very much .
in the end , I - and also my partners - for all these years , with their major investors , whom I would never have been . I would not have had the courage to find a combative people who like to go up .
it is always possible to obtain money if the religions is that you have an talent and feelings of our part of the world than anyone else .
we are talking about this morning : what are these two or three things that you are doing every morning , which will help you make progress ?
Laila Ali : I do not know about you , but I have a lot of moments in life , when I feel overburdened , when I feel overburdened , when I have a mother , let me not lose sight . well , the spouse ... all these roles that we play in women &apos;s ...
I have reached a point in my life , where I really had to put this morning in order .
I like to stand up and just feel gratitude .
gratitude to the uprisings , our health , their children , for their own family .
I am often going to write what my objectives will be for the next day , when I wake up , I am going to look again at the list .
Mrs Mediviin .
I sometimes write to the day &apos;s rotation .
the line always comes in the pocket .
and I will always do the first thing this morning , because if I do not do so , it will not do so .
for me , this is ultimately about priorities .
these are things that are important to me : the focus of my session , the focus on the universe and God , then training and putting their health first first . that is the case .
it seems to be quite simple , thanks to that .
I feel that I am able to stand by all the challenges that come from my way .
Mrs Corcoran : I am going to take matters of importance .
I will work through the list of its duties , which is endless and ludicrous .
and I put in place what is most important .
what are the real priorities ?
I will try to agree on achieving the most important things .
what are you doing to bring ourselves a big meeting in the right room ?
Mrs Corcoran : I am going to fail .
it is as strange as it is not .
I am thinking that Issland , I am failing .
I would like to say myself , and that makes me more effort .
I can imagine anyone who compete with me - I am a very combative in nature , as I am one of ten children , and we were never able to pay enough attention to their parents . that is the case .
I can be very competitor .
and I always come to be too thoroughly prepared .
the excessive preparation will strengthen my confidence .
Laila Ali : astounding , how opposing we are in this regard .
we are two successful people , and this shows how unlike things are working for different people .
I like to imagine that I am successful .
I like to think about the end of the success .
I can imagine this in fact , I see it in fact .
I see the entry of the boxes , the struggle to take place , as a winner of the winner and a return space for rice , marks a victory for a victory in the code . as I have always done .
the same applies to the meetings .
however , I am always preparing to do so ; this confidence is a result of preparation , because the fear that I do not go well , or I am not going to say the right things . or do not get the information they need .
here is the preparation of the game for me .
however , I will always enter the final result in paving the end result .
you have both been very successful in our career .
how are you going to pass it ?
Laila Ali : I am very exciting to be part of T.J. MINXXI from the Maxx You project , as I feel that this is an opportunity to do a good thing .
very many women need to be encouraged , encouraging them to pursue their dreams and objectives .
in all , there is the Chechens .
it is , in fact , in a demonstration and in having the necessary tools , in their surroundings , with the people who have been able to achieve things that you are trying to achieve . that is the case .
Mrs Corcoran : one of the things that I do , in my view , is the inspiring of people .
I was therefore very pleased when I was asked to work with Mr You Project .
I will try to make the fence of indivisibility and inspiration that we see here in the face of all these people , and to give them practical advice on how to move forward .
many people are beginning to start with their dreams , but tend to be misled at some point in point .
so we will try to help them focus on this objective .
everything that we teach is practical .
it is not just as simple as a ftir speech , everything we need to set up a company .
what advice would you give to women who wish to make progress in the male field ?
Mrs Ali : I am acting in one of the most male areas , which is the hanging .
to come after my father , who was the best of all times , was rather discouraging .
for me , the core of the matter was actually about its talent , courage , in the self-perpetuation .
the first thing I did was to believe in the former that I am able to go and to be successful .
at that time , no one was left to the same , and I did not have any restrictions on what I was set up for myself .
if you believe in and to find our passion , no one can stop you .
Mrs Corcoran : the road to take inspiration and , in my view , the building of New York on the building of New York on the building of New York - and the finishing touches . there is a huge amount of time .
there is a need for many talent in this interim phase , a lot of talents are needed .
there is no need to act with the obsession with obsession .
I am sure that in the area of Laila , it was also necessary to decide what the right people , when to start when we will not have a lot out . the money is what can be put in place , which cannot be prepared to do how hard they are ready to work .
these are all the subjective decisions .
I will try to make these efforts a bit more , so that these women really feel : &apos; oils , I now understood .
let me try .
here I have three priorities &apos; .
if they are leaving the three main priorities that things really do to happen , I am going to go back at home , if they are leaving the three main priority .
what is your dinner today ?
Laila Ali : too much troika .
magazines , books , small wages , my daily corn .
water trees are likely to be on water .
Mrs Corcoran : I have a little green light to my dinner , because I tried to break the habit of life every morning . the phone will be revised .
I therefore received it .
it was a merger .
but it has never worked .
and is still standing there .
and my clock is still my night .
what is you going to book now ?
Mrs Corcoran : Eighth or ninth time in order to gain friends and influence the people &apos; .
this will keep me on the right track .
I believe that this is still the best book , which is written in this area is not a distinction that is made of the dreams , which are not possible to achieve without other people . that is the case .
and it will be possible to take this up in exactly the same way as in the past .
I like to read it from time to time .
this will enable me to go on the right road .
Laila Ali : let me learn a school in school , which is why I read the paper &apos; Nevet &apos; .
it is about the eating of cereals and how they will affect our body .
I am very interested in this .
what is your best advice to deal with success and failures ?
Mrs Corcoran : ignore the wash .
they are met by all kinds of different forms .
you need to get them out of the breath .
keep away from the vans .
they wonder about energy .
I take the lead as to the property .
they will come from night and they are going to go and they are leaving .
the pessimists destroy any team team more quickly than you can look at the eyes of you , because the people who are merging themselves , want the people who are merging themselves , want to see . others , too , would feel badly .
they are attracting good people together with them .
I can avoid perfectly all the negative people in the radiation of 50 km in the radiation of 50 km , as my aim is to be positive and take all of what is done . I have to offer .
so why should I want to be able to spend a minute on these people ?
Laila Ali : it must be consistent .
we will start with a great deal of conviction that we are now taking this route .
we are doing this , and that is what we are doing .
however , people do not follow this long enough .
sometimes they give them just before they reach the last fuel .
I therefore believe that it is necessary to stay on track .
how sentiment to something about something , the religions , then you must be consistent .
and you are also doing a hard job in the success of success .
Mrs Corcoran : a lot of effort must be made to ensure consistency .
do you know what needs to be done ?
the conclusion of things .
if you start something , then it will stop it .
many are the drivers , but not in particular , the graduates .
the Chinese Internet censors play a complex coat and mouse of the game
according to the experts , a thread that can affect many users from the time of science to businesses that China is feeling increasingly concerned about the influence of the Internet .
&apos;You seem to be more and more intensive , but at the same time the Internet is more powerful than ever before &apos; , Mr Parker , who has written the book &apos; . well , I quote the Krade Comrade Comrades Krade Comrade Arab Are , on the Internet in China , Cuba and Russia .
the restrictions imposed on the Internet in Beijing are proportionate to the Internet &apos;s influence in China .
according to experts , China has not yet strengthened the control of China and , in many cases , the game will continue to grow and mouse .
one day after the Apple was launched last week , people began to spread the way in the Chinese social media how to access these tools , which are so simple . in order for this to be even a technical alien .
this included the registration of a person &apos;s applications to another country where the VPN applications are still available .
nevertheless , the day of Thursday shows that China wants to change the game for the benefit of the game .
a number of Chinese Internet providers had said on Thursday their social media accounts on Thursday , on the websites or by us that the Chinese security officials are tested a new way in which these services are tested . the Internet addresses , which is dissuating or using illegal content .
if they have been found , the authorities are asking for the operators to request that Internet service providers would be required to put an end to their customers .
if the clients continue , service providers and the Chinese officials to these Community minutes .
the Ministry of Security did not replied to a comment .
studies indicate that in China , tens of millions of millions of people in the VPN-e and other types of software to escape from the Great day .
although many people are excluded from foreign television programmes and pornographic , many people are making them a huge amount of online internet users &apos; community . challenges .
the Chinese President , XI , the Chinese President , has been responsible for the new control elements of the Internet for the years , but it has also increased technology and the Internet as a criticism of the Internet . the factors in China &apos;s future economic development .
as the cyberspace has begun to play a central role in the whole of China .
it is difficult to find out the scope of the new aspirations , as many users and companies will not discuss them in public , in fear of being paralysed by the Chinese Government .
however , some frequent users have said that it is becoming more and more difficult .
one student who learning in the United States and the league in China in China , said that he was blocked by the local VPN .
according to my own friends , he took this period as a sort of nature of the social media and he left Mr Facebook from his friends to explain why he has his friends . it is as though the land needed .
a school student at one University in China said that it has become more difficult to carry out research , although the university has become more difficult , even though the university has found alternatives to the university . the printed publication of pupils would not always need the Internet .
it is now saying that he has now found a new way to bypass , without disclosing what it is about .
according to the Chinese Internet observers , some sections of the VPN are still working , and China would have much more to be done to intensify the restrictions .
&apos;We believe that if the government had decided to do so , it would have been much more in the use of the VPN . the website created in 2015 , which will help China &apos;s users to find a representative .
&apos;if the government had done more , it would be a much more complex &apos; , a representative who has refused to nominate itself in China due to the sensitivity of the group &apos;s work in China .
&apos;apparently they did not do so , because they must leave the people or businesses a little breathing space &apos; .
the Chinese online restrictions are often cyclical .
the current climate is partly due to the imminent meeting of the Chinese Communist Party , which is the 19th party that is taking place in the autumn .
five years ago , the VPP was caught unforeseen at the time .
as economic policy or external affairs , there are also censorship in China as part of a complex and often deficient political process .
according to analysts , the government ministries in the government of the government in the face of the Congress , that they are effective and can intervene in the event of a problem .
&apos;so this is certainly not the case of the KPN apocalypsis &apos; , the consultation company Euraice Groua global technological player . the leader of the leader , Paul Trio .
&apos;Susers a more complex environment and new opportunities and approaches allow China to simply better certain parts of the use of the VPN &apos;s use at the time chosen by the VPN . to include &apos; , he said .
the Chinese population is learning in the past early age to deal with these difficulties .
in the past this summer , the Chinese giant Tencbut started the time in which the younger and 18 were allowed to play a popular online online game . in the Kings , allowing it to be done an hour a day for those who are younger than 12 , and two hours for those who are between the ages of 12 .
for this reason , the young people in China have begun to make use of counterfeit documents .
&apos;is your &apos; Comhonor of the Kings &apos; will be curtailed ?
are you interested in obtaining a document , which shows that you are older than 18 , &apos; asked the recent advertising in China &apos;s social media .
&apos;No &apos; is not a problem .
you are in contact that the cheapest document would be to obtain a document .
he was praised for the emergence of a global cyber attack .
and then he was arrested .
when a bad asset from Kronos in 2014 for the first time in the Russian underground forums , referred to the price of EUR 7 000 for this , was referred to the price of EUR 7 000 . the selling of bad assets is a profitable business .
it was advertised as a cradle tool , which will be able to obtain data , including users and paroid , cash in cash . the &apos; PIN-codes of tomatos and personal information , which is useful in the inconsistency of security issues .
Motherboard stated that , on Thursday , Mr Hutchin was detained in Los Vechin was detained in Las Vevoy . Heland Defcis visits .
he had plans to fly back home in Britain .
the security community reacted to the arrest and scepticism about the arrest and scepticism .
some warned that the demands of the Hutchins may harm the relationship &apos; false &apos; , researchers , who are looking for the weak seats of software . in order to identify and resolve the problems , and not for committing crimes , and by law enforcement .
others were doubtful of the view that the Hutchins could attack the creation of such software .
in July 2014 he asked Twitteri , nor no one has a Kronooan exhibition , which is a bizarre request , when he himself was bad property author .
even though the precise details of the Hutchins Kronos , the exact details of the Hutchins Kronos are not clear , inquiries in the field of computer code in the search for legal problems , very often ignored .
in recent years , the large technology companies have put in place the &apos; poor poor money &apos; to formalise the process of reporting and compensating for their work .
it has also been a tense relationship with security experts from all over the world , there has also been a tense relationship with the law enforcement agencies .
in 2002 FBI , for example , in the Las VeR , who was arrested in 2002 after he had been arrested . the software , which was , according to the authorities , to damage the safety of certain types of e-books .
the Organisation of Digic Frontic Fourdatier , Frontier Foundation , said in his statement that he was concerned about the arrest of Hutchins . after and look at the matter .
the WesCry salvar was infected by Microsoft Window .
after the spread of software and the files of users of software and locked by users &apos; files .
if the infected device was a connected network , other appliances could be infected .
the aggressors were demanding that the victims would pay hundreds of dollars for bitchin .
Mr Hutchinon was a casual heroy .
the interview that was given in the interview given by Mr Hutchin that he recorded the online regisvine after it was discovered that the bad wise software will try to establish it .
by registering the dominant dollar against the dollar , he launched a &apos; slaughter &apos; , which stopped the spread of software .
his original intention was not to stop the attack but to monitor its spread .
Mr Hutchin , who is working in Los Angeles in Kryptototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototos the fact that he was not going to attend the College and has learned to write their software .
the company did not give its comments .
Mr Hutchin attempted to stay as anonymity , in the media , through our constant MalwareTech , but the British tablos are exposed to the British tablos . he was his identity .
he was praised by the cybersecurity community for this achievement , and he received a special recognition of the industry of SC Awardl Europe .
the New Hampshire , the New Hampshire , a &apos; narcotic &apos; , alludes to the politicians of the country .
&apos;the President is wrong , the Governor of the republicor , Mr Chareas , said &apos; .
it is disappointing that his misdescription of the epidemic is ignoring all the excellent things that the country has to offer .
the Senator Maggie Hassan , the New Hampshire , the New Hampshire , called the &apos; disgusted &apos; and said Twitteri . in order to make his or her country in any way other , which are fighting for widespread opiotes .
the Senator Jeanan , as well as the democrat , has agreed to .
&apos;It is totally unacceptable that the President is speaking in the NHP , he was written in Twitteri .
it is a completely unimaginable image of the Nare and the epidemic .
Opioidia dependency - a category of drugs belonging to heroin and Fentanys - is the most deadly drug epidemic in the history of America .
the Goverdose killed more people than weapons or car accidents - estimated at 59 000 people in 2016 . and is now the main cause of death for children under the age of 50 .
in 2015 , more than 97 million people in the Internet in 2015 , more than 97 million people in the United States in the United States .
the estimated 12 million of these people did this in a way that was not set out by the doctor .
in the New Hampshire has been a hard blow and its inhabitants raised the problem during the period of 2016 .
in the New Hampshire , it was estimated that in 2016 , it was estimated that in 2016 , it was estimated that in 2016 .
in the year 2012 , these New Hampshire was on 163 , according to statistics in the New Hampshire .
on Thursday , the Sundream epidemic has been described as &apos; one of the worst health crises that the country has ever faced .
he said that the government has doubled the resources devoted to prevention , treatment and recovery .
he says that the country has also spent millions of dollars on prevention programmes aimed at children , the legal protection of drug trafficking and initiatives , aimed at making it more accessible to a joke of a joke . what is used for treatment in the case of overdikes .
the long-standing consultants of Disney , and the leader of Marty Sky , died from 83 years .
Sglass , who died on 27 July at my home in Los Hollyle-Hillon Hollywood &apos;s neighbourhood , maintaining the links with the company following 2009 . the retiring of Disneyland , which was driven precisely by the 54th anniversary of the release of Disneyland .
last year , he became the only member of the Shanghai Disney at the opening of the Shanghai in China . the 12 Disney parks across the world .
and in less than two weeks before the death , he was attended by the Disney City , when he was killed , he was talking about Disneyland .
his death was announced by Disney Comoy , without mentioning the cause .
he was 83 years old .
the office of Skard Disneyland Newet was a temporary , but he lacked Disneyland . after the exception of the U.C.L.A , in 1956 , to work in this advertising department .
he will soon become the main author of Wfrom Danuney , the main shadow of the Wearney , the leaders , the slogans , slogans , slogans , etc . in writing . - like a piece of letters , for example , which helped the enterprise to obtain approval of Wearney World and Epcoti . Central Floreast .
he was also working with Disney and his brother Royga , on the annual reports .
&apos;these were rather beating times for the people who only came to their 30 birthday and who had only six or seven years after the end of the College . &apos;, Sglass wrote in his car biography , the business of the Half-Century Sreatatings Disney Kingon Kingstatements &apos; ( 2013 ) .
however , in spite of the fact that Wearney trusted in his letters , he was determined by New York in 1964 . the world of Force &apos;s pavion , where Disney Comoy , has set the lead and the cases of Disney Comoy .
Schr wrote Wfrom Del Disney was written to Mrs Ford for the Magic Sysky , where you could see the name of the name of the name of the name of the name . atroonic dinments and chopians , and which was their main links to large corporations .
it was the start of the company in the company .
as a leader of an ever-growing member and the Imagnepast leader , he was increasingly involved in Wearney &apos;s heritage , who died at the end of the 1966 . my time before the Wearney World was opened in 1971 and Epcoti in 1982 and Epcoti in 1982 .
after the Wavail Disney &apos;s unemployment due to lung cancer due to lung cancer . it has been said that the company &apos;s managerial staff were not prepared to have a public speech , although &apos; it was no secret that Web was killed &apos; , as he did in his car . biography writes .
the Skr felt the frustration that he had to write a statement to which Roy Disney , but he realised that a lack of planning was a sign of the death of Wearney &apos;s death was paralysed by the company &apos;s leaders .
in reality , they were all in the face of the death &apos; , a Sglass wrote .
Mr Adrian Skr was born at the February of the New Brunswick New Jerswick New Jerswick .
his father Ledes was a teacher and mother , kidney brother , Lilyn Fuchs , the company Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson . well , before the family , Longg Beachi California , when the Marty had 12 .
after secondary school , he had a number of temporary jobs , for example , both in Dougla Aircraf , the Agaft . in writing . - ( SV ) I was in the middle of a gender-restaurant , as well as an urgent transport of postal services .
however , in May of 1955 , when its third year U.C.L.. the Disney marketing and advertising leader E. Cardis Welsh .
in the time , Sklar U.C.C.
Wales has asked him to come to the newspaper Disneyland Newsi and the post of an active person .
Wales has said that the dossier will soon be open .
and it needs it .
Wales , after 20 minutes &apos; interview after 20 minutes .
however , Sglass was to prove to be the case that he knows what he is doing .
&apos;I was working there two weeks and I had to present Wfrom Del Disney &apos;s &apos; , he reminded Disney At Disney . on the brother website .
&apos;if it would not have liked the Welsh , he would have thrown me out of the door .
fortunately , however , this liked to the Welsh .
I was 21 .
it was frightening .
I was never working at a professional level &apos; .
the lessons of Sglass Disney ( and also some other people ) , the lessons of the &apos; Massaten ten &apos; in Mest ten times &apos; . a manifesto .
the orders include , for example , the following and the sense of our target group .
an attempt to enter the shoes &apos; shoes &apos; to &apos; to enter the shoes &apos; in the face of the experience .
Mrs Juusta , in the case of Juusta , there is only one story .
an expert in the field of information , Bob Rogers called Sklari once called the &apos; pur boy &apos; - a role that the Musewi . China is playing a &apos; fantasy in Disney film &apos; fantasy &apos; ( 1940 ) - because he had been medied by Disney &apos;s philosophiy . three parts of the generation of designs .
the Skard remains the son of her husband , kidney brother , Leah Gerber , a tyrer , Leslie Sglass , the poem . Mr How and four grandchildren .
Sglass was a leader of Disney .
he regularly delivered three targets for Milii-Hiire ( which showed her time in Los Angeles , in Paris and Tokyo , in Paris and Tokyo . osis ) and the Dalai Lama &apos;s golden war .
and he never forgotten what Mr Disney had taught him .
if the Disney Comoke , California &apos;s Adventure , the Stur planners , Stur planners , the Stur planners , the Stur planners . additional actions that parents and children can do jointly , as the Wearney had been calling for .
I have reminded everyone that the Disneyland existed at all because it was the customer for Wales to take their daughters in Die . Mrs Griffithi &apos;s park , he said in the Los Angeles Los Angeles , in 2002 . , &apos; and Islam had to be planted in pargieshias , and the feed to bows , until children on their own .
he thought that he had received his fellow counterinterest .
but why was its symptoms so different ?
Mr Traraice , he was awarded a great drama to humiliating the fever .
for the rest of the day , he was questioned , torn and researched .
none of this has shown anything but he has not been sent home .
he understood the reason .
for the last two years he had taken the treatment of the treatment of Sjgreni syndrome .
the medicine reduces the capacity of the immune system , and it restricted its ability to fight with incapacity .
Sjgren is an honour of honour - quite a secret disease in which the body of its own white waters are attacking the normal waters of the Grelies . as if it were an intrusive body which , in the guestive case , which produces tears and carbelle . also , when some superests .
the weekly phrases were helped by reducing excessive pain .
however , he knew that , because of this medicine , he was quite helpless in the event of this medicine .
the patient was better felt by the patient .
the Misland doctors decided to leave him a night for night .
when it comes to a viral , as doctors were suspected , he will be all in order and he will be sent home .
if Mr President , for the first time in his new patient , he is going to be a briefs , to which the people who employ elephant people are susceptible to this . that is the case .
this list was long .
Vietnam cannot be treated before diagnosis , therefore he focused on bacteria .
one of the bacteria , which attacks people with immune , the additional figure of the additional .
this is often the case for a passport in the milk of cheese milk and cheese , and this is causing a terrible birth , oxycaste and chubertism . what he did not have .
Leegionbusiness is another infection that has spread to this medicine , but he did not have a cry of this medicine , but he did not have a cry or a lack of investment .
even more , the bacterium Staphons , the bacterius auxus may cause excessive catalogue , but , again , he does not . there have been over-frequency complaints .
in spite of this , we are going to start to start a broad level of antibiotic treatment that would cover all these dangers .
however , in the case of the patient , he was not in the hands of a serious infection .
doctors were not antibiotic to him .
doctors had the chance to delay the use of antibiotics , and just to follow and wait , but if the patient had one of them , but when the patient had one of them , in the case of which he had read . it may even have been deferred by a couple of hours to end the death .
the situation was even more complicated by the fact that he thought he was allergic to a penal card , even though he did not remember what happened . he was taking it .
this created the risk and benefits of the ratio .
as traditionally as low contributions , whether to start the use of antibiotics or not , it will change if its consequences may be so dangerous .
he asked my fellow Member in the second resident , the patient .
Mr Girard did not tell my colleague that he is going to have to look at the patient and give our recommendation .
my colleague met the patient and agreed .
even though he saw a good thing , he would have been virtually defenceless in the case of the Lord .
the doctor should provide antibiotics to the patient .
as the patient has had a pensional allergy , Mr Gir should allow him to be tested in order to check whether it is beating the medicine . it is not a penal point , it is a close woman .
Mr Grard asked to be a stront .
if he had a serious response to the medicine , he would have caused a blow or his blood emphasis would be reduced .
neither did they happen .
that is why it was watered down .
a few hours a few hours ago , Mr Girard was a speech .
the patient &apos;s body temperatures has risen to 39 degrees .
he rushed the patient to look at the patient .
the patient &apos;s face in the face of the patient &apos;s face , and it was the Roma .
even though he seemed to be awkward , he was all in order with her hearts and blood .
it is a good fortune that he was using the patient to the patient .
he has asked for another drama in Tylenon and , if he had to look at the last time for the patient , it came deeply .
the fever was dropped .
the Higine month and the Romans were missing .
next night , when Gironard came to an accident in a hospital infection , the first thing he was doing is the patient .
he has also adopted five other patients , but the patient was concerned at home after his day &apos;s current team .
during these hours , when he did not see him , the laboratory increased his blood body .
it was too early to say what this is more detail .
it was clear , however , that this is a bacteria , which is robust enough to grow up the Petr , and that it is not a Staphyloco ccus auxus and Londs .
the list of other options was long , and none of them actually seen fit .
it took two days before they finally managed to establish the bacteria .
it was an additional then acid .
Mr President , like all the others who care for the patient were surprised .
as a medical doctor , pictures are picked up by pictures .
for Gtruari there was an additional disease which will be obtained from a passport milk and the cheese milk and which is causing birth rates . what has happened , it has been crushed .
he was working on this unusual error in the past and found that , although people with conventional immune people can experience the symptoms of these symptoms . they usually quickly like the patient &apos;s colleague .
in the case of people who are young , older than 65 and damaged immune system can be unleashed in the case of the people who are in the age of 65 , sometimes without the normal ones . without showing the symptoms - and in the process of bloodshed .
it may be spread across the body , as it was spent .
this type of language , which is called on Invested extra products , may end in the case of sufferers , up to 30 % of cases in cases of sufferers , up to 30 % of cases . that is the case .
indeed , even though it is not as widespread as boy , the extra ter could be the same deadly .
early antibiotic treatment can save life .
when it comes to a problem of food transmission , what food this bacteria ?
although the patient and his colleague was not a passenger in the summer , and his colleague was not a passenger who was consumed by the Internet in Scotland this summer . the additional outbreak , which was associated with smoke-free beef .
neither of them has been fed by smokescreen , but they have a little smokescreen .
where the bacteria was picked up in exactly where the bacteria was in no secret .
when the medical team had been aware of the fault of the patient , they were able to adapt antibiotics .
his three-week medical treatment ended in July .
doctors recommended it to finish the summer , but now it feels quite well , and has returned to the museum and our beloved work .
there is no asylum in Pakistan &apos;s soul in India .
70 years after the separation of the two countries , the biggest population of the history of the history of the two countries .
tens of thousands of people who are already waiting for them to be tens of thousands of people who are not even entitled to legally legally in India .
so many others have no choice than to rabling illegally on temporary habitats , the Indian authorities , on the other hand , are monitoring the movements of those who come across the border on the other . steel .
most Pakistan from Pakistan cannot expect to wait for this reception .
there is no work , there is no money , there is no innocence .
we were working there , we were the beackers .
however , here we are being forced to break a livelihood for a livelihood &apos; , a man of eight 1-year-old Jos .
there is no division to us .
they are still trying to return to their country .
and if they come here , they do not have anything &apos; , an added man close to the city of Jodhir near the city of Jodhir .
after India &apos;s independence from British colonial power in 1947 lost their homes in 1947 lost their homes in 1947 .
the separation caused by the wave of months of violence , in which at least one million people have lost their lives due to religious hatred .
in the middle of the bloody chaos , the Muslims have just established , Muslims in the opposite direction .
in spite of emigration , one of the most recent minority groups .
different estimates account for around 1.6 % of the country &apos;s 200-million population .
many of them are complaining and fear of abduction , rape and forced marriages .
&apos;persecution started shortly after the separation &apos; , in the words of Jogbis , whose family only only a few months before the differences between the two countries in the current Pakistan . regions .
we did not have the day at which we could have a living in peace .
I wanted to come back to live in the middle of their prices .
the Federal Government of the Indian Prime Minister , Mr Narendra , has said that he wants to make it easier for religious reasons in India .
last year , the government started to allow the application of citizenship in their place of residence , in the past , the whole thing was done through the central government .
the prices around India will be opening up after seven years in the country after seven years of residence in the country after seven years .
however , due to bureaucratic delays , this process is often a major time-consuming .
a 64-year-old Khanaramji has left Pakistan in 1997 , and became India &apos;s citizenship in 2005 .
many people have , however , abandoned and returned to Pakistan , as they see that India does not expect a good life in India .
the government offers no support .
we are like the livestock in our own right .
we are simply trying to survive on our own , in a war in Ktenarama .
however , even worse still , there is a scepticism of the power of the authorities .
those who do not have citizenship have to suffer from the harassment of intelligence agencies .
these are treated as suspects and Pakistan &apos; , he explained .
the Singh Sodhal in Pakistan was committed to helping the soul of Singh Sodhal was in 2014 . great expectations , but it has now been disappointed .
the tension between India and Pakistan has increased , and it is the case of migrants who suffer the most migrants .
&apos;their life is getting into hell &apos; , a friend Sodhal .
for many , it is better for many people than life in Pakistan .
Mr Horoji fled two adults to India two years ago , since it had started to get their own Pakistanis .
in order to save their lives , we had to enter India , a 65-year-old Hroji , whose grandparents had come from the current Indian areas , but found themselves in the country . in the midst of the divided lines of the border .
my grandfather , my grandfather , in his work towards the other side .
however , he told us that we would move to India at the right moment , because the future can become dangerous to the prices .
on Monday , it was the last opportunity to propose a positive name from the beginning of June .
there is now a large castigue of names in order to find the right thing for the birthday of the birthday , which is the birthday of the birthday , on 25 August . to declare .
however , it will be possible to offer the name as yet until the residence day .
from the beginning of August , the whole family of the entire population will be able to walk together with horrors .
and although the father Kigomer from time to time to time , from time to time , from time to time , the mother of Kibioun however , it troubles itself , a sense of lessons can be learnt .
although the birth rate is over the birth , saw the light on 1 August , the light on 1 August saw the light on 1 August .
in the Cultural mountains , on the occasion of the day , the warm cots on the occasion of the summer .
the narrowns , on their own hand , when we look at the individual .
on Thursday , we took place on Thursday , another of the Honcolor .
a large number of good assistants have been recruited by the new elite house , the great horror of the mother tongue , for the great horror of the mother tongue , for the great horror of the proprits and the euphorror of the eternity . race .
in order to do not interfere with the paints , Fien and Draay for the time of the day in Carl .
on 9 August , the second class of animals on Wednesday , the second class of animals will be present in Aavo .
the Loans will be able to be in the memory of the whein and the breeders of Kruus and other brothers .
the income of HeaAs goes to support this classification project .
over 1 000 euro was collected over 1 000 euros in good practice last week .
Mr Berrk : PPutin over the whole year , so that the leave would not have been needed .
I was , of course , to blame for the rest of this leave .
I was also a somewhat necessary employee , but I believe it is the only one who felt irreplaceable .
it itself is to blame for a conscientious conscientious cons .
the quotation at the beginning of this House is well that it is entirely correct .
that was the case - the new agency , which I started in March , it called for working to work , but nothing to do so much better in the work that I have done so much better in order to me . this is a completely new life for three months , I have just gone out .
today , the time of the summer , the time of time .
it is time to make the latest promises , to see what has happened in life and which is the whole colours .
after all , this is a Christmas and a year of year , there are now a decent citizen from a bad citizen .
perhaps it is , but we all know from our own experience that Christmas does not fit for thinking and set targets .
well , I will only speak for myself - I will not be able to make any amendment at the time of the year .
this is too difficult for me .
of course , in Christmas , in Christmas , there is good luck and joy : I like the awareness of the initialling of the wrong triumph , like Christmas &apos;s revenue and also to Jobs . the model was a very hearty warning , a revolutionary demonstration .
nevertheless , during the Christmas period , I have been very tired and sometimes stressed - for the darkness of the Christmas .
yes , I will be doing a lot of work on holiday , perhaps more , if I do , in the slaughterhouse , and I am constantly in time . quite let us quite clear .
for the most part , I have run the crches , the gift , at least four Christmas celebrations , a bit greater burden on the work ...
in view of the unfailing social pressure in the heart and peace in the heart of peace , the difficulties of the times of Christmas are obvious .
however , despair and tired person will not be able to make good decisions , from the plan to improve them .
such things have to be done with a more or less clear line .
the tired person is throwing into the air and a resounding promise , which will be around the same amount of assistance to the purchase of the future of the future . that is the case .
the promise that is intended to change something , it should be calmly thought , it should be a plan .
the plan , in contrast to the pledge , there will also be a target for action , and it will not go ahead with a few minor setbacks .
that is why I say that the best time for promises of promises is now in the summer .
it is just as high as it is a fatigue as high ( as it is ) .
if you do not commit itself in a holiday period , if you do not commit itself in a couple of weeks , to find a few weeks in order to find a few weeks of their lives . the Convention , which is worthy of a bridge , and think about how exactly this has been done .
I think it is important to live as possible so that the rest is not needed to have the rest on , rather than once a year .
so it would be an additional tribute , not a boxout of the boxout required for survival , which will be downloaded so far as to be able to survive . there is no way to oppose the next year .
I would recommend that at least one simple word of a pledge - if you have to rise at a certain time this morning , then in good time .
I believe that , when one in ten members of the Poearr , the life in Estonia would have a significant improvement in Estonia .
I myself intend to follow the advice of my own .
such experiments are studying people .
it would be very good for us to think and draw conclusions .
the Recommendation on a friend of the people who want to spend a little more time to spend a little more time .
more generally , however , one might have a strategy that it shares in the social media .
however , at national level , it is necessary to ask whether officials and politicians are sufficiently aware of the dangers of the social media .
the life expectancy of persons created under controlled conditions expired by the summer school , but they certainly do not .
the fourth Estonian people received heart in Finland .
together with the Finnish media , the North of the northern Estonian Regional Regional hospital ( PERH ) doctors , cardiobears Gonel . and the Pentma Pentdra has estimated that the post-operation period has been expected .
it is very difficult to say how long the patient would have been able to live in a new heart &apos; , spoke of the Pyder .
the assurance of doctors is now living for the maximum of eight years now .
the man will only recover and is not prepared to talk about this .
he was diagnosed for the first time two years ago , and the disease had already reached the final stage , the lack of heart was caused by the lack of heart .
&apos;this disease was the only option for the disease .
according to Kardiokurg , the patient is not in a guest for the patient after their transplant .
he will be left with many more and immune conversion .
the patient can do sport and will live in general as normal person &apos; , he said .
the first year is the most dangerous one .
in the annex , it will take three to six months to complete recovery .
according to both doctors , the patient must be subject to regular monitoring of the use ; however , the medicines also has its side effects .
in addition , the patient must be in operation , so as to prevent a resurgence of donor .
the most dangerous is the first year , but the ISHT , International Society for Heart and Lung Ternis . according to estimates , 50 % of patients are already living .
Thailand said that Helsinki results in Helsinki , the results are better and the longest for 25 years .
the Kardiokurg explained that , because the patient &apos;s blood breckling in the patient was killed for a year ago , which helped the operation of the operation . thank you .
the emphasis on a man &apos;s lungry , it became a suitable candidate for sincerity .
the Tali estimates that it is not very important to be a very complicated section : it is very important that the right timing is the right timing .
&apos;much more took the time to get the pump , and then get a grip when the new heart of &apos; , he said .
in addition , there was a cardiot operation as part of the complex operation of the operation .
rather , he says that it can be considered as a rare asset , because it is the ones that are in need of the Estonians .
much more will be made of kidney , liver and lung Irish .
this is a rare gap , but we have been practised for many years .
the education of myself and my nervous system is one of the art in this agency &apos; , including Denmark .
there are four more people .
according to the President of the patient , because no body of Scandial transport in a country that belongs to the community of Scandiers . bin .
Scandiers is an organisation of the body members of Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , Sweden and Estonia .
we are currently on the list of transplants , there are currently four people in Estonia .
&apos;&apos; they are still listed in the &apos; , underlined the PSder .
the longest is expected by big men , according to the top of the Taccording to the TEC .
&apos;Finland is about half a year &apos; , he said it .
there are also differences in terms of obtaining them .
&apos;usually do not fit in a woman &apos;s symmetry , a great deal of man &apos;s heart , and so on &apos; .
it is not necessary to look for a great deal of ambition - between 7 and 12 August , the TEC is the plainant of the Chamber , the festival of the festival , a film festival . the CFF .
a special focus on the love films .
the programme also includes films , which are the dark side of the love , sees new forms of urban works as well as the old good class .
the numerous special events in many places make a week from a university city for a week .
all the festivals are free of free seats for visitors , there are seats of up to 1 500 , and this year is located directly in the middle of the screen . the medium to a temporary parthe mood .
in the largest external presence in Switzerland , there can be 8 000 visitors to the European largest in Switzerland .
the Locarno film filmifestival will be the middle of the centre of Piazza Granes , the Great Granza Granes , the Granks .
many of the prime initiatives are taking place within a festival , which is established in the festival .
in the run-up to the horror , one of the European films must be allowed to return to EUR 15 to EUR 15 to EUR 20 .
in the Pula film pmifestival in the Pula ppifestival , Croatia
the Gladiers , a blood , a bitter population , a second arena - such a picture was opened back 2 000 years ago in Croatia . in ampharial , where we now enjoy the international audience in July &apos;s summer night .
for the first time , the field was set up in 1953 , which is making Pula film &apos;s film in 1953 , which is making Pula film &apos;s film in 1953 . the external borders in Europe .
there have been good films , Mr Burton and Elizabeth Taylor , John Malkovich , Mr Malkovich and Mr Ben . the Englisley .
the price is symbolic : with high quality films in the air for the Mediterranean means of around EUR 3 .
SArea Montcherac , the Spanish Republic of St Montcherac , Spain
the St Montcherac , the St Montcheek , is the wonderful view of the Szone Montcheek .
indeed , this is taking place at the top of the Barcelona Summit in Barcelona .
in the air in southern Europe , the mountain of security seems to have a mountain of security in the whole of Barcelona , which is a sham in its own right .
the &apos; La Lord &apos; from the BLDC &apos; from 1979 &apos; to 1979 . the year &apos; Manhattanini &apos; .
at the same time , the gift to 2 500 people and there must be EUR 6.50 .
the ticket price includes the NGO just before the film that is allowed to enjoy in addition to the film that has been allowed to enjoy over their long limit .
who does not want to sit down or have forgotten down to three euros , the three euros will be able to lend up to the three euro .
the cineo stars , Italy
the real nostalgic Italian soul can be experienced in the Bologna centre , where the summer air is showing the local filters of the local film archarchy .
the sixth largest world of the world , San Petronio basika , the old films of 3 000 and 5 000 people .
the northern Italian buildings during the course of the 15th century , the buildings of the 15 century , together with the summer heat , create a romantic atmosphere in which it is melting . every fear of the argument .
from 19 June to 15 August , a new filter has come to a new film every night , and all that is free .
the Bologna festival festival festival of the symbols &apos; .
the six-festival of Vienna , the festival of Vienna , Austria
I am a guin in the music world , even films : the film of the Austrian capital , the festival of the festival of the festival of the festival of the festival of the Austrian capital . Mr RathanAustrian ppile festival , is exclusively the group conversations and musicians are , without exception .
over 5 000 free seats will be fulfilled on 30 June from 30 June to September .
in addition to the classic music , Placido Domingo and Vienna Group - is offering a festival morning . the jungle music recorded .
it is a special case for the love of the film in Vienna , which is good food - not only at world level , can enjoy the rocket of the best restaurant .
every day , 11 to midnight is an open food and drinking area , which offers traditional Austria , as well as in the bottles of Asia , Greece . Italy , the Indian , Mexico and India .
the comparison of the Soosavamy caste packages : the comparison of the tickets of the club &apos;s tickets .
the easiest consumer commitment by the consumer of Polow for one night for one piece of work for one single night of 11 August .
&apos;Spaahoxies are different levels and services of services , so one one comparison at the cost of a very difficult &apos; , the SPC Sar . in writing . - ( DE ) Mours , Mario Sau .
there is a difference in terms of accommodation facilities , the prices of the most favoured packages have different times , and the choices are to be found for a more demanding customer than that . even more humble ones , too , with more humble ones .
for example , if alone the passenger and receive the 51 of the Vlamodi Spa Spa , the Spa Spa Spa . last night and the water parks , the unrestrained use of the rest of the country and the unrestricted dual-use , then complicit in the name of Mr Muhur . there will be a package of EUR 287 .
it includes accommodation in the Double Doube Dele category , a breakfast in the restaurant , a breakfast in the restaurant , and &apos; burden &apos; . and the &apos; half-day &apos; package package &apos; .
in choosing and compared to the various packages , it should be taken into account that , in order to obtain the most favourable price , because in two of them . night is more favourable than the individual .
if , however , there is a desire alone on its own , then it will be offered to a visiting one in accordance with both a special number of one-person smoke as well as for the super levy . that is the case .
if , in general , the unlodled travel will have to be paid for their presence in the two corners alone , then we will be able to make compromises . also , more favourable options .
in Haiti , for example , in the Hhalasso Spat , the package pays EUR 86 to be EUR 86 per month , but it will also be offered a more favourable opportunity in the two to night on condition that , in the event of a shortage of spaces , the customer will be subject to the customer .
in this case , the package will have to be estimated at EUR 58 .
flexible in order to be able to be flexible .
the prices of packages are dynamic , in other words , dependent on a week &apos;s own , and it will be .
in the most favourable package , prices may vary from EUR 112 to EUR 248 , &apos; was explained at the sale of the V of the GPaaHokli - and a market leader in Triinu , the President of Triinu .
he has also drawn attention to the fact that in their hotels , the price is changing , depending on the finality , and added that , generally , the customer is more favourable at the price of the customer . to put it directly to their website , or by asking themselves .
as the summer period is the fastest for the scarves , it is worthwhile planning to plan in time to avoid a situation in which the desired place has been sold .
for example , on 11 August of the comparison of the package has been elected on 11 August , Strand Spa Spa and Spa Spa Spa and Spa Spa Spa and Spa Spa and the Spa Spa Spa and Spa . the fxes and also of the Laarland , the Vihalves has been sold .
it does not have to look for the avent-off apartment does not have to look for each of the largest Estonia of Estonia , one or even a number of smiles .
it is worth examining the package before the package , nor does it take a few more events in the vicinity because it will increase prices right now .
for example , in 11 to 13 August , the Haarcav is taking place in the White campaign .
at that time , Haiti has a lot of tourists , demand for accommodation accommodation , and we will have the price of major events at that time .
&apos;so , we do not have a accommodation of accommodation at a preferential price or favourable packets &apos; , commented by the Stuaahop wave to President Irene . outside it .
&apos;Lelling Americans &apos; under the black black .
of course , I have heard of &apos; Let &apos; ships .
who would not be ?
after all , there are many times in the Tallinna and Helsinki .
this is nothing special .
the Swiss company Smramar highlighted the first &apos; medium &apos; campaign , Freccia d , Freccia d Orn or Kuldn on the market . 2 .
the technology was already in place in the past , but at the moment , I have the basis for the nuclear race .
however , the Catalan , but it has been wiped out .
what is it supposed to rise ?
let us save ourselves in the wrong way ( it is not difficult to find ) and correct the &apos; clear-cut &apos; of the common sense of &apos; cheering &apos; .
why do we carry out the aircraft in the air ?
the taking shape is the fact that , if an aeroplane is dragged on by the cold and , at the same time , the gap between the gap between the people and , at the same time , the difference between the differences between the people , and the difference in the different speed . as a result of the stringency , one at the moment , this aircraft masses and begging the whole mass of the air .
in essence , the same process is happening in the water .
it is the right to be taking the lead in a great hurry , and this , in turn , will take up the &apos; Comprehensive &apos; base &apos; .
simple after all ?
it is difficult to calculate the figures .
the aircraft requires a minimum of 150-km Irish for the increase in the minimum of 150-km Irish , the speed of the global record is now &apos; only &apos; 121.1 . 1 km / h .
however , let us not get bogged down to physical school !
today , I have looked at the &apos; Catalan &apos; directory &apos; , which bears the name of the name of the &apos; CRAF20 .
the PCRA comes together with the presentation from the North-American Catamaran , Racing Assiso .
FCS is the abbreviation from the System System .
this is a system that allows the crew to set the basis of the &apos; Let &apos; , and 20 also showing a mockery .
as soon as the Catalan complainant , it is clear that this is not a gentleman &apos;s Pyham of Mesmen .
Dr Monocks and Karten Shave have been left to the Chamber today .
the Bip and slasters were not compaired .
this is what it is about .
it is a KIrish in Cuba .
&apos;This is a carbon bellion ? &apos; I would like to quote the cool .
yes , it is all about carbon .
&apos;Lo &apos;t all over ? &apos; I do not understand it .
&apos;No &apos; not , the whole , sounds like a short answer .
170 kilo - our three who we are going on , we will certainly look at more than 170 shields .
I compare everything to the wheels of the wash cars , and it is not here - with the NACRA , such as those of the street . it would be inappropriate to breast .
Pagan Zonda R or Ferrari FXX .
a single firm objective - to drive for a well-established conditions in a well-structured manner .
there is also a lot of security equipment to be disposed of security equipment , which must be done before the sea .
the watertight cabinet , intermediate athees , dry , dreshes , rockets , the special rescue , a special rescue , a special rescue . that is the case .
in Lahaling , the feeling is that the wlight of the wrongs , and as well as the sea , Marssi would also have to be colonised .
&apos;is there a great likelihood of reversing ? &apos; I would like to say a joke at the time .
&apos;Yes &apos; , sounds short answer .
&apos;You have gone much around , &apos; Sondeli has a lot to do .
clear - this is not a joke .
in this regard , I confirm the safety night .
Mr Sihtotstastace also highlights the fact that , in the name of Nacra ph20 , needs to be dismissed and a minimum of two . the teamics .
there is not much room for the maximum of the room .
it is the House , why this is not a sacrosanct .
Australian kitk : Skely : Sustralian .
the indigenous people of Australians have had a dirty time for Australic and stumbling meat .
the British roots have a major impact on the food table there , for example , the salt of the salt on the streets , for example . together with a debt or a Greek bank , reminds us of the British .
also , a man of meat and cells , which are offered to the cartoes and the potatoes , which are offered to the potatoes and the potatoes . the British people .
it is also the case of the United Kingdom of BBQ Smigs , in other words , in the other , the British , but rather , it was by greedy .
one of the local displays is a pavant pavant , even though it is called the new-seas .
the Maghreb is still being liked in the Chamber of the Maghreb and the cameras Anzac-Batbelt and coconshelence . a chocolsome kind of lington in the light of the lington .
the Koney Joy , or the joy of the joy .
Australia-Australian Australian Alexander and his work , the home of domestic vegetables , which is at least part of the House &apos; . in the Australian country and Storey , Priem Cready Media
in the autumn of this year , Stephanie marked 77 birthday .
his father was a national official and a mother of Mne loved very food .
Stephanie learned the university in the university and , as Australia &apos;s young people , went in the past after their studies .
in France travel with Stephanie travel in France is just an obsession and development .
in London , however , he met his first husband with Monty Monto , with whom they have opened in Australia in 1964 in 1964 . the &apos; Yon Jamaah How , a simple fever in the Jamaah How .
ten years later , a marriage was closed down , and a restaurant closed down the doors .
in 1976 , he already opened a little more affluent to a restaurant Stephanie de Restaurina , which was the next 21 years . the quality of the price of Melbouret .
the restaurant is still being said in the restaurant of what is known as the first Fine dinage &apos; , which really can value value . fresh raw materials and also provided a seasonal food - a fact that now seems to be the truth , but it was not yet at the end of the last century .
after the restaurant withdrawal from the restaurant in 1997 , Stephanie has been concentrated on the coffee , they have appeared in 15 .
in Estonia , there has not been simply a recipe for publicity in Estonia , but in his case , no book has been simply a recipe for prescription .
the Australian home website has been irreplaceable .
in his life work , however , the fifth of the room for our job work , the suchsis of the Cook , Compank , Company , Company , Company , Company . my fellow Member &apos; ) , which is at least one million in Australia &apos;s home .
the book was apparent for the first time in 1996 , improved publication in 2004 and the latest version in 2014 .
in my library , it will take up quite a lot of room for this in 2004 , because he is about a thousand of the recipes in the imposternous book .
however , the latest option is even greater .
Stephanie Alexander &apos;s work : &apos; the Cook &apos; Companion &apos; , &apos; a coka co-based &apos; ) is at least half of the &apos; ) . the Australian country , and / Amy milk
this is a real cockling milk , where , in addition to prescriptions , the purchase and storage of different raw materials , will be presented to the technologies for food production and makes recommendations on the purchase of vegetables . to buy .
food is a festival order , as well as there are many cross-references in the works - obviously , the education of the library education in the boom of the library .
Stephanie itself stresses that it was precisely this piece of paper that has changed his life and given the new direction for the future .
the feeling that the popular paper comes from popular , that it has something to the people , the project for the next major , vegetables , which are comparable in our circumstances .
Mrs MUSS Mreg : the preparation has not been quite the way , as I have seen in the past .
&apos;You has not everything that has been the case , as I was speaking in my spirituous I was talking about Milig MM .
the Reedel-Saturday are important elements showing how bad it is .
and competition shows that , in any case , what we are doing here .
today , I believe that my preparation has been of high quality , both this year and in previous years , so that it is possible to run on a normal life .
something special has not been dealt with by the Estonian , 13.05 , the start of the day after their home champions .
in recent weeks , traces are often carried out in the last few weeks .
there should be , and may be very useful to have the last MM-last week was a bit easy .
on the physical side , we are going to go on to the physical side : yesterday , today , the warmer trend is doing a warmer trend .
however , in his spiritual preparation , he does not want to be very guilt : &apos; I have a time of stupid .
there is a lot of silence and peace , and no ros music to their own ears .
I do not need to look at any incentive videoxs or read in suicide , but to be present here and at this time , to evaluate the possibility of evaluating that the world has come across the world . athletes together , in one place , to compare their abilities .
this , in itself , is a source of diversity .
what is more , of course , is a year of excellence for each time , and this is one of which each of the initial stars , but also the competition in Temistany . it has taken up some of the technical nuances , compared with some of the competitions .
there is no room for an experimentation of experimentation has no longer been an experimentation .
&apos;Where is just to run quickly &apos; , says a few , but add that if the previous clout and potentially also in the quanfinal way , and potentially in the quest , will be successful in the quest . a percentage or a few energy storage , then they will certainly benefit from the next drinkness .
for the first time , the Central party goes to the elections as the founder of a party and an ideological one .
so far , we said in the Middle East and we were thinking of the Saararr , or vice versa .
it is now up to the Central party to find the way forward .
in so doing , they must also be allowed by the colours of the party &apos;s colourful and embarrassing past , Saduans and the voters . sometimes .
the issue of leaving the Central Bank makes the most difficult situation in the most complex situation of the Central party .
on the basis of the current political practice and ideology , it can be said that it is playing an old ninyvich .
many of the cards that , in the past , the effects of the past , may not become a reality this time .
Populismscheme for the Central Bank , because it will always be more permitted than the Prime Minister of the Prime Minister .
playing the Russian card has been made more difficult , both for the government in the government and , therefore , that here too , we see how the so-called &apos; Saveneova election &apos; for the northern gas . it will be .
as a result of the ongoing court process , as a result of the ongoing court process .
for the Central party , the PRD and the poor are also missing .
the first of these is its undevoid of value , and the other is that the coalition partners in the government are blocking it .
however , one card may be even more serious .
all the last elections have confirmed that these parties , who are able to formulate the basic pillars of the elections and then implement it .
the Saint , the main onphett has just around Sapuerare .
if some political parties should develop a good idea of a well-functioning confrontale of life for the rest of the political party is missing again from the map of the Central party .
what will be left to the Central parties ?
a strong partisan and significant resource they still have .
also enough is enough in the run-up to the elections .
in four years ago , the deprivation from the taxpayer of four years ago .
there is no way out of the city of Tallanna , but the freedom of the partisan press has remained less .
in addition , the party has its voice .
their role will be to be extradicated at this time , because the image of the power party is not enough to motivate the electorate .
in ideological terms , the Yri Ratas must find its way , because the road was brought to an end to this week .
talent Puaarer Weber : the man of the train a stranded in the train &apos;s train to a foreign car .
yesterday night , the police received a slightly self-perpetuful challenge .
indeed , one of the Project was known that Port Arturis , someone in the tanker with Mr Arturis . left .
on the occasion of the occasion of the occasion of a man who , in the arrival of the &apos; who , who , who spoke , come up .
indeed , the man was tired in his journey for a moment and found a place in the back seat of a foreigner .
&apos;man came after the wake-up call on their own feet on their own feet on the home , describes the West &apos;s Prefeckin Facebook .
good , everyone is a good thing .
video : the &apos; divide &apos; from the second penal for the second penny .
Pirocaw Slaski was already in the ninth meeting in Wrocaw Slaski Slaski . I would like to say .
the &apos; yes &apos; vote was an excellent opportunity to ensure the first victory of the milk season .
four minutes before the law was created by a Pole and a pensioner .
the match ended with 1 : 1 .
there are two points in the Piarb , and is based on the top of the last or 15 .
the most stupid questions that we put to the bar .
the Huff Post is preparing the headlines of basic elements that they would not like to hear .
what are you doing best about what drink ?
in some drink , there are indeed more ingredients than in the other , but they are going to be required to prepare them .
it is often interpreted as a &apos; MEast is now the most easy / fastest for the most easy / fastest for them ? &apos; , which gives them a signal that the customer will be interpreted by the customer . there is no matter what he drinks , prepare for it to be difficult for the bar .
what drink you are most like to do ?
this issue is being interpreted in the same way as to what a lot of the world is now getting the most difficult thing out of the bar .
this is not a matter for a bar , but the customer makes decisions on their own purse .
rather , rather than waiting for the basic elements of whether there are no special offers at present .
what is the good being offered ?
perhaps this question is the desire to find out whether the bar privaces with any offer of others , but it could also be asked in any other ways , but it could also be asked to ask .
nor can you imagine what the customer could be given to the customer .
could I have a drink that would not be very maize ?
here , like the previous rule , that a baarr in you are not familiar with their priorities , and which is not the case for one ; it does not necessarily have it for others . to be .
however , it is ready to listen to what kind of desirable coffers could be included .
is this drink brings me to me a heaviche / poson ?
the media are neither a media nor a predictability , that the customer is to promise the customer .
the police will look for the bail-out post of Estonia
Europol is acting as a stamp in Tallinna night .
the Russian citizen , Ernest Gammer , who has turned the baby in Tallinna &apos;s night in 2010 , and he caused her heavy health damage in 2010 . it has become the most European list of the most needy .
the Belgian authorities were already aware of the contamination of eggs in June .
&apos;We knew that at the beginning of June , we knew about the potential problems with the pupronies &apos; , the High Representative of the Office responsible for security of foodstuffs in Belgium , the High Representative responsible for security of foodstuffs in Belgium . I am in Stragier from the television channel VRT .
we have started an investigation immediately and we were also talking about the matter to the public prosecutor , because it could have been deception .
a further investigation into the investigation will be carried out .
we understand that people have health issues and we are trying to respond to them &apos; , Stalin included Stagier .
the news agency AFP tried to get information from the prosecutor in recent days , but it has not talked about anything , because an investigative judge prohibits the publication of information .
it is in Belgium as a precautionary measure in Belgium , as a precautionary measure in Belgium , until the results of the analyses are clear .
no Dutch eggs have been withdrawn in the Netherlands and Germany .
the German Minister for Agriculture , Christian Schmidt , has called on the Dutch and Belgian authorities to make it clear .
&apos;one has obviously polluted the egg of the banned product &apos; , Mr Schmidt &apos;s German newspaper Bild .
in the Netherlands , contaminated eggs produced in the Netherlands are likely to not be in Estonia .
&apos;What do you know the Dutch egg in the Netherlands , Mr Alwi-BSS.
he added that there is no other product produced from Dutch eggs in Estonia .
according to the statistics of the statistics , it has not been imported from Estonia for the last 10 years .
most recently , the Netherlands from the Netherlands .
the Dutch authorities suspect that pesticides have been carried out by the Dutch authorities , Mr Chicago , the Dutch company , Chicago Chicago , the Dutch company &apos;s Chickfof . chicken .
the reports from the Dutch and Belgian media reports that a pesticide containing a pesticide containing was still unapproved .
in the larger quantities , a fipronies , the World Health Organisation ( WHO ) has a moderate threat and may affect the poor , especially children , the kidneys , pay . there is a little bit of business .
how do you keep the child in trying to get a child ?
it is therefore very important to keep the leak in the war when you try to create a new life .
Fmother Fmother will provide a piece of advice on how to do so that it does not seem to be a typical obligation .
taking advantage of this as an obligation
this may happen every few of those who try to get pregnant .
sometimes , the contraception may be taken for years .
it takes the spontancy of the spontaneous and romantics .
try to be spontaneous !
women often feel that it is unable to enjoy the &apos; normal &apos; cycle cycle at the end of the &apos; conventional &apos; cycle , when it is known that the positive outcome does not come .
this will create tensions , which , in turn , leads to a fall in the deception , of course , is an even greater opportunity not to contraception .
the men , however , feel that they must be able to say &apos; if they are required .
if you know your fruitful days , then it can be a close to you in order to plan something more romantic .
be this special dinner , or just a time of water - kill one !
a fruitful period of course .
from a great point of view , there has been no sense in the face of a great deal , but for the sake of your couples , try and try to do so . I also have a few days after unfruitful days .
although there is no evidence that contraception will take place more firmly , but also the woman of orgasm can , however , forget this dreams .
I remember that every couple of things are different .
everyone can deal differently with the stress test .
some men want to be aware of a woman &apos;s cycle , others prefer not to know that they do not feel the pressure &apos; .
no one knows the other , how best is best suited to you .
find your own solution .
studies have shown that a higher degree of success has been a couple of days , but not every few will be able to keep such a density .
the most important thing is to find a pattern that suits the best of a couple of them .
the 10 sub-publications , which makes the field of the field of the field of the field of the field of the field of the field of the field of food
as many of you are hard to look at the pictures , then the picture will be used to hide the people - for example , instead of milk , mimland or pot instead of milk . instead of a potato .
YouTube , the chicken of YouTube , makes an overview of which tricks are fairly widespread in the advertising world .
when someone opens the boxes of bopts , or the shamburg out of the shamburg , a series of some of the mud . it is not .
in reality , you are longer longer , and throughout this time , food is not aura , because the prize must be a high level of error , which , for example , in the Saatatfield . it is not .
therefore , the cotton-cotton cotton-produced cotton-cottches that have a capacity to absorb and maintain its own water .
the transfer of heat in the immediate vicinity of the heatings for much longer than Mr Burger or bopts , and the product came from the newly produced .
Mr Carkkon is a great deal of aid for photographs , because it is not going to go in the hands of the light and the heat of heat , and does not make any difference , as many as many . other food products .
for example , the code may instead be a potap instead of a potato , rather than a potato , rather than a potato .
a little paint and debative elements , and the consumer is the consumer once again .
the Liim is replacing milk .
milk , too , is not an easy piece of pictures , because it may not be seen as white at all .
however , the food that has been endowed to the milk of the milk .
because , for example , in the morning &apos;s calls for milk to be seen in the lare and are scarding , instead of milk , instead of which are not left to the east . after all , no call .
if restaurants can make a lot of effort to prepare meat , that the outcome would be the volume of the bar , by advertising it is not being done .
however , the meat which has been presented in advertising is a particularly attractive one , as if they have come directly from the grilla .
often , however , it is ready to put a banner , or it is pulled to meat grillie are pulled apart from cronies . you have a grip .
it is just as difficult to work as a stick , because it tends to be meltdown .
fortunately , there is a product that is almost almost identical in the field of the past .
it may , therefore , be a publicity at school or on marches or within the cocktail .
even on the superficial ground of fruit in the shops sold in the boy , which makes it the scores of their appearance .
however , it is not enough for the fodder , and the fruit of cotton is sprayed on it .
there is no focal , but the fodder , because it will become the case of the liquid , for example , the water .
here , however , we need to resort to the aternity and permanent organisation of which makes it possible to make an attractive dose .
they are also likely to be used on the pictures where the school or the ice are flowing there .
if you were seen as an ideal advertising in advertising , where the relationship is perfect , it has apparently been used to some additional layers . you have had a piece of paper or paper .
this is because the code may well be dispersed , and the picture of the ruin .
if , after the paragraph , the code would be put in place , and spraying them with an addition , it makes it difficult to give a great deal of impression .
it is also used within the Car , so that all the ingredients there will be in place , that all the ingredients there will be precisely in place , so that these were a beautiful place .
that is why Mr Burger appeared as advertising .
the fine piece of paper is carried out .
in advertising , the size of the greed and the aush , but it may not be even prepared to go .
today &apos;s impression will be put in addition to the picture of the chicken , if they are , if necessary , the cartodladder , and then spraying the chicken . it is simply a gnix .
Panncos are , in particular , in American advertising , for example , because it is a picture of the size of people in people .
in actual fact , the code of the code of sincerity is dispersed with the photography of photography is disappears fast .
it is therefore sprayed to the cleaning tool intended to prevent a rapid return .
it is often not helpful , and so is the aid of the golden car oil , which is being sprayed and a transfer of a transplant . it will be .
Estonia , in the half of Estonia , Britain acknowledged the better British and the A-Centre will not be allowed to access .
the match was extremely quick and , in the first quarter of a quarter of five points ( 18 : 23 ) , a lot of times were lost .
in the second quarter of a quarter , there was a greater difference in the ninary progress in the ninary advances ( 31 : 40 ) .
Estonia managed to win the third quarter , but only one point .
the loss of the status of Estonians before the last ten minutes was the eight-minute ( 46 : 54 ) .
fourth quarter of the quarter of Estonia was fully and , in the final analysis , the loss of numbers with numbers 61 : 75 .
the chaos crushed the hopes of the Estonians to reach two best contributions .
in the third place in the third place in tomorrow , Estonia is facing the loss of the game between Croatia and Israel .
Augustibifaith has been living on the head , song and were transferred to Tallinn Tallper Tallinn Tallper Tallinn Tallper Tallper .
Ivan came to the end , when he was hit by health .
the Indrek Ditmann , who spoke for his heart &apos; , talks about the organisation Indrek Ditmann Elu24that is the case .
the &apos; Plan came to a delay , but the festival goes off , he will say : &apos; pubbone has been informed , of course , you all . what has happened &apos; .
at the moment , Ivan chiefs is on track and it is not known whether it will survive or not .
we are , of course , hoping for the best &apos; , Ditmann .
you spoke and talked about the West &apos;s life , that the health of the country was hit by Denselnkot .
first of all , the man ended the clout of the game , and the man failed to go down the wall .
there was a ruins from Mr Uusslau , who asked whether there is a doctor among the pub .
a little later , he asked for the Denisenko .
Ivan Denisenko / Augustibet
an artist and cultural heritage of Ukraine is known as an Ukrainian artist and cultural player .
the Ivanians started in parallel with artistic studies in the Ukrainian ethnic art of Ukraine &apos;s ethnic art and architectural .
the mentality of the university in the university immediately , and was called on the song known foolkup in the Kulnel Colkball in Kulun . a awaken .
he was burned with the people who presented to him and who later became his bronies of his bud .
the first group was held in Kiev , the first group was held in Kiev , on 31 December in Kiev , on 31 December in Kiev , on 31 December . we have done .
since then , the game has been carried out on a regular basis , when it comes to clubs , groups and schools across Ukraine .
a steering review : the Leardia destroyed homeleberts in the home of the Lintup .
the Levadia has placed itself in a difficult position because , in the previous round , the future of Viljand , the leader of the European Union . it has used the possibility of slipping up seven points in the already seven points .
however , you have reached the same same wedding , however .
Mr Frocenlot , during the course of a transition , Andre Frovio , will continue to feel a great shortcoming and medium term , Andre Frocensus . I think .
there are only two references to the last seven , only two angths , the overtable is on the Eighth , there is the eighth highest number of on the point and the future , in turn , with four points .
in the case of Lithuania , in the first part of the Pral today : 7 and second 2 : 5 .
the Central party does not wish to register for the GerinEastern Union
the leaders of the region of the Central party , the whole of Estonia made an appeal to the public and political groups , which calls for the vote in favour of the &apos; no &apos; side &apos; .
above all , this message is intended to those who consider the EDGAR Sadueris to the election union and the ECB .
in response to the Ansip : we have done a great deal for Estonia &apos;s success .
Vice-President of the European Commission , Andrus Ansip , said in an interview with the Koniki , that he is sad to look at Estonia &apos;s daily policy , as Mr Rarri Rasip . the government has turned the simple and unpredictable system .
it was used by the chronic possibility of my opportunity to ask me that what I am proud of Estonia has done , and I can be proud .
I am pleased that we are in the government as a good team and has made many important decisions , many of which are the expected expected in Estonia for more than 10 years &apos; , has been expected in Estonia . today the social media .
according to the Raes , these decisions , for example , a fiscal reform for the elderly , pension reform for the elderly , the reform of the municipalities , the increase in agricultural aid for the development of Estonia , the increase in agricultural subsidies for rural recovery and , of course , on the provision of health care for access to rural recovery and , of course .
&apos;I wish you a good holiday &apos; wrote a return to Ansip .
it is well known : how many are sugar in milk products ?
the European Union &apos;s food labelling standards can be set out on the packaging and the quantity of sugar bases , which do not equate , however , by no means of a white , so-called &apos; desk &apos; . there was a cry of the Prrhu , the director of Valio Kalbin .
as he said , there are three types of sugar in milk products : the end of the milk in the milk sector , in other words , natural milk . in the fruins and has been included in a communication , which is also included in the chhap .
if , however , we should not keep in mind a few simple reasons , Mr Kalbini says that the amount of sugar that has been included in the manufacture of sugar , which is included in the Kalbin .
first of all , it must be made clear whether this is milk or hapted milk products .
in the normal milk and in milk products are included in the normal milk and milk product , in other words , cat 100 grams per product .
in the milk products , there has been a stop to the litmus test for the woods in the course of the wound process , in the course of the wound process . that is why , on average , there is an average of 3.5g / 100g per product .
the first to calculate the amount of sugar is the first to calculate the total sugar of sugar is the result of the total of sugar .
we now need to calculate the quantities of the marches and ferries .
&apos;Sgenerally is a fetchproduct and the gnder in the milk products and , in particular , 0.3 grams and particularly march in the event of crop content and particularly march . by reproducing 15 % of up to 1.5 grams of 100 grams per hundred grams &apos; , the Kalbin was saying .
he says that this shows a simple calculation that the proportion of sugar added may be the percentage of sugar in the march of marches up up to twice as much as the sugar proportion indicated on the packaging .
in the case of Laksi-free products , the situation is slightly different because , in their case , the sugar content is dependent on production technology .
the 101 year old man drowned down the plane .
the World War II of the Second World War Gdun Hayes recently became a military reward , to celebrate the downstream of a sleep on the world &apos;s record .
indeed , the man committed a man of 10 years and 38 days , having committed it to the oldest person in the world .
in the expectation of emissions of the air , does Mr Kanter makes the history of MMi history ?
the current mm is eight for the Kanter , no one in his competitor in London .
furthermore , Kanter is the only chain of chain and through history , who has won the whole package of meals ( gold , two silver and two . on the wedge ) .
today ( 5 August 2017 ) , Kanter 38 years and 92 days of age .
in the event of a twofold world Cup , it will become the oldest hedding of the oldest hedding and who has won MMon the golden felt . the medaln .
the same option is the Polish troops in Pjotr Malachowski ( 34 years and 60 days of age ) .
exciting facts :
the Cettaemissions World Cup has come to be more than just two athletes of two countries .
in Germany , the golden has two .
the agenda of the World Cup , the Virgilik of Alena , which is in Helsinki ( 2005 ) .
the lowest result , which has been won by the people , is 66.20 - with Ries ( 1991 ) ) .
why have the dogs appear ?
it is sometimes thought that the dog is to eat , if he does not feel well and wants to put it up to it .
in fact , most of the abundant coffers are completely healthy .
only less than 10 per cent of the dogs who appear to appear in some diseases .
one of the reasons why the dog may well start to eat , can be nutrient food stores .
these dogs , who have believed , may have a greater interest in the face of the face .
so , when the House , who has not been blighten in the past , is the upshot of the mud , he is often deserving of it , is deserving to be worthwhile in any case . to carry out control , for example , in order to get a problem of the possible problems of this kind of disaster .
it is worth pointing out that the dog may be an innocent because he like her taste , or it is simply forever .
if the health problem has been ruled out , it would be worth identifying that the family will continue to be sufficiently developed and desperate .
the police led to over 200 people in the execution of the floor by the police .
in total , over 20 offences have been recorded in the town of Pran .
there is reason to associate the Mureligious scheme , there is reason to associate around half of them , alongside the use of violence , and two drink management .
the misappropriation initiated by the Sadar was mainly linked to the use or possession of alcohol .
some theft and a breach of public order .
the police officers had brought over 200 people for different reasons .
some half of them were minors and largely the cause of the alcohol race to the police .
there was a half of the minors who have been brought to the audience .
there were also a half hundred people , perhaps as much as last year .
the leader of the head of the police carrier , Andres Shuman , has a large number of these figures , given the aforementioned figures .
this weekend , as in the previous few years , we have been thoroughly prepared for the weekend this weekend .
we have included additional impetus from the rest of the Council and police officers , in order to ensure a willingness to react rapidly .
most of the situations were resolved by the word and was sufficient for the communication with citizens .
&apos;obviously there was no sinister , because the police were seen in the city and , in our view , enough , enough &apos; , spoke about Shuman .
his opinion was extremely positive that it was extremely positive that the underage minors were clearly less and young people proved that it will be a newer one .
he was praised at the top level of the security company who care for security in the festival .
I would like to thank all the festivals of festivals , who were detained in a police-based manner .
&apos;and I thank the local population , who contributed to the successful process of a great festival taking place by the police leader .
in the Pukist police officer , owners are waiting for the owners at the weekend in the weekend and from the festivals .
the Puada &apos;s leader in the Festival , Annica Poas , the leader of the leader of the family in the Annica Poda , had lost the age of less than this year . soil .
the Festir area was returned to the owners of the Festival was returned to the owners .
the most was lost in three days in three days , mobile telephones , the mobile phones and the stakes .
&apos;at the moment , there are still 13 more mobile phone owners , the three monies , laptops , and a number of cars &apos; , you have used the Poke .
the most non-citizens in Latvia live in Daugavpils , Riga and Liepaians .
in Riga , 125 344 people live in the Daugavpilosis of 125 344 , Daugavpilb 11 909 .
outside the size of Latvia , the most Ykabpils ( 2347 ) and in Valmieras ( 2347 ) and in Valmieras ( 1235 ) .
at the beginning of 2017 , there were 242 560 people in Latvia who were not entitled to Latvian citizenship .
in 2007 , 392 816 were living in Latvia in Latvia .
in the United States , two elite university workers were arrested .
the 42-year-old Professor Wyndham , Professor Wyndham , made himself in California , to the police itself . there had been a seed behind .
in the case of the 50-year-old Oxford University of Oxford University in Oxford University .
men are suspected of the cruelty of Trenton Cornell-Dananu Cornell-Durananu .
he was found at the end of the month in Chicago at the end of the month .
a few days later , the suspects revealed a great deal of money under the death penalty .
before giving ourselves the police , Mr Chicago , the police of the Chicago , according to the police of Chicago , according to the police , the police of the police .
the CNN &apos;s vio did not see it and the police do not .
according to the police , this was a cruel assassination and his body had changed because of the vulnerable .
Mr Warren was a British from British Chicago , but the investigators have so far been identified as to how and how he is familiar with the victim .
prior to the arrests , both were suspected of a state of suspicion .
in Australian waters in Australian waters of the Australian .
the US navy Front and the Marine Front have ended the searching operation , the Emissions of the Sea was announced by Mr Butler in Japan statement , in principle , by reaffirming that the army will no longer be able to find out as a living .
the accident happened to Ospriy M-22 , Ospriy M-22 , which launched the USSS Bonn tomorrow tomorrow .
there were 26 people on board aeroplanes , 23 of whom were able to find and save .
the plane in the sea took place last month in the US and Australian .
the Australian defence Minister Marselyne said that the incident in Shoalway from the coast of Shoalwater Bay .
the south-west Japan is preparing for the arrival of Norway .
a large part of the south-west Japan , including the regions that were devastated last month by the rains , preparation for a further insinuation when it was on Friday . I have a new Europe , which was one of the world &apos;s most serious storm in the world , is growing ever closer to the main islands of the country .
according to the Meteorological Office says that there will be some 1350 km from the south of the south and Tokyo from around 1350 km from the east . a strong winds of the Amami archipelah , and many rainfall , and in the next 48 hours , it will be possible to get the bar out of the next 48 hours . up to the 800 hundred mm in the Chamber .
in the words of the Meteorological Office said that Norway , which marks a certain type of fear of certain types of fear , then it will probably lead to the rain . Mr Kyushu , although the underlying section of the island , which struck the rains and floods , which killed 36 people and left four disappeared . it is likely that the worst of all .
&apos;this is an extremely slowly mobile storm &apos; , added he , noting that it is therefore a major risk of flooding , because in one area , it is in a long period of time . there is a lot of rain .
the Noru , which was one of the category of 5 category , and is the usual , long term , accounting for the first two weeks ago . the Pacific , from the bottom of the Pacific , before being guided by the hopes of Japan and the weakest on its agenda .
the representative added that , depending on the course of the change of evil may be able to move directly to the Kyushu , and then bypass the Honelelan islands . however , it is still difficult to establish a longer-term journey .
the aircraft led the US as a perfect shake-up of the US .
the pictures led to the eighteen airborne flight to the United States of America and was able to get a little bit out of the route .
the aircraft from the aircraft in real time aircraft have indicated that this was not just a straight line or cake , but with the airlines , but also on the airlines . what formed the imagination of aircraft .
the flight from Fliadar , according to the Boeing Field &apos;s airport in the real time , according to Boeing Field &apos;s airport in Seatre Airport . some at 15.00 on Wednesday , according to the local period .
the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner has taken the lead to more than Montana , Northern Dakota and Minsk before he changed . the route and brought to the edela .
from card , the aircraft represents a bizarre march with two engines .
in the words of Boeing , the flight is part of the &apos; resilience &apos; of an 18-hour hour &apos; from the test &apos; .
instead of &apos; to fly in the arbitrary way , the testing team in its imagination , driving the trial team in its imagination , driving the route , which form 22 of 22 the participation of the participation of the State of Boeing to the portal by Boeing , Boeing .
as the Dreamliner , the Pan-Sounn region , where Boeing Commercial Airlines is the home of Boeing .
the wings are up to the border between the border of the North and South Texao .
the Chamber concerns the Hunzeville , the Huntschn &apos; , he added .
Boeing &apos;s distance of 77-8 Dreamliner was mobilised in 2009 .
the aircraft will be able to fly to 242 passengers and can fly more than 13 600 kilometres .
as the pilots used the radar as a personal dinner , the flight was on the brink of an exponential interest among aircraft users on the web .
some suspected that this is an act of an act , others again , that it may be a strange coincidence .
a former soldier was sentenced to the murder of a prisoner of sexual abuse in prison .
a former soldier was sentenced to at least 17 years in prison for the murder of a man who was suspected of the mistreatment of a woman .
Mr Casticy ( 70 ) was sentenced to the murder of David Faray , David Farah , was responsible for the murder of David Farar ( 75 ) . in writing . - ( SV ) In February 2016 .
Mr Lord Smitmers mentioned the murder &apos; , as the victim was a body of 14 piles .
a defence lawyer , Brian McConn , in the Rigincapacity , Brian McConn , so that a &apos; moment &apos;s madness &apos; , but he described the facts when &apos; extraordinary &apos; .
in the sixth sixth , that Farish was a woman of sexual abuse over a long period .
his lawyer said that the man went home to the Farr home and &apos; friend &apos; in the hope of listening to him rather than kill him .
Lord Smitmers stated that the Casticy demonstrated the intention of the attack on the intention of the intention , and referring the report on the social work on which clarity . in order to innocence was the training of the military troops on the way in which the group was conducted .
Farr had not been made to Farr .
it was reported that , after the assassination , the Castay himself was in contact with the police after the assassination .
Mrs Connachie has stated that most people have a &apos; difficult to understand &apos; that the Casicy will be able to murder .
a Defence lawyer said : &apos; he has never had any problems in life before this incident .
he survived his full life up to this madness in February 2016 .
the Casticity is allegedly poor , and he has been struck by carrine under the arrest and in the custody .
in the words of Lord Smitmaritime , he took the minimum of the death sentence for a minimum of 17-year-old imprisonment , given that the Casteyl did not have previously been in the past . convictions , and what he allegedly said about Mr Farr .
the Scottish police described the case as a &apos; hedra older than her in her own homes &apos; .
the study by Mr Pinkney said : &apos; although this punishment does not change its cruel act , I hope that it will offer Mr Davies a family of any kind . the solution &apos; .
Prime Minister Jrri , a small island of Estonia visited the fourth largest island of the fourth largest island of the island Vorms , where the local elected leaders and the population . to discuss the island &apos;s life on the subject of the island .
the circle of the Vormsi island started at the port of Sviby &apos;s port , where the Prime Minister of the Vorms was welcomed from the Vorms from Tanzel . for this , and the Lord , Mr Sarapuu .
the first to visit the historic Pincreasingly Olav &apos;s Church and a by-side fishing which is unique in Estonia for the sake of its own w- and the slot . in terms of their rings .
it was followed by Mr Hlling with the Prime Minister of Ado Hlling , with the Prime Minister , Mr Hlsavwas speaking with the Prime Minister of the Prime Minister . the curriculum , according to which some school at school is distanced from school pupils .
in writing . - ( PT ) My President , in 2015 , an open new and modern operational service in 2015 , where there was a meeting with the island population .
the debate was dealt with important issues , such as the development of shipping and airlines between small islands and the continent .
the country has made a commitment to ensure the permanent transport community , but , for example , during the summer period , the growing traffic in the summer period is also making it more difficult for local residents .
these are the places where the country can already take account of local wishes and needs to be taken into account in an early and planning process .
in addition , there was a discussion on the question of building on small vessels , interest education , the island &apos;s safety and the rescue capacity .
today &apos;s visit to Vormis was the last part of the small island of the Prime Minister &apos;s small islands , to familiarise themselves with the living environment of the islands , and to discuss the resolution of the inhabitants of the island and the government . the questions .
in July , the head of the Head of Government , Saarer , Ruhr , Ruhire , Abruka and Vilspecies , and the Manila Islands he has visited the Natural Islands , Prangl and the Abygan .
the Cold War has led to travel to travel abroad so that the package has not only been expensive , but regardless of the cost of the soul .
low-cost air tickets and the last minute &apos;s tickets will not be expected to be expected to think about the next year &apos;s travel plans .
at yesterday &apos;s press conference , EDGAR , said to the EDGAR &apos;s election union with Olga Ivanova , that the Sadulava , Mr Ivanova , that the Saperlaire of Other Ivanova . the peaceful electoral union will offer the Central political parties in the autumn in the autumn of the autumn .
however , if it is likely that the EDGAR , on the possibility of the EDGAR , with the &apos; An Tallinn &apos; .
the U18 Dear Sido Rego : Play-B &apos; may be decided by one or two pillars .
Estonia &apos;s U18 age groups in Estonia , which was algated in the B-C B-sitting in Poland , Poland : 63 , the social Vaido Association has said that it was a real play-off trial .
the game was shocking .
both those who have done their homework , the points have been made .
there is a game of a game which is better nervous .
Mr Play-says may be the &apos; one-and-two &apos; game &apos; , the Rego .
it is a victory , but a trearr always seeks to improve .
it is always a bubbles .
some of our errors were not justified , it was a question of free bans and live on them .
this is what we have before - if you are aggressively defended , there is a danger to overstretch .
we are drawing on the conclusions &apos; , Mr Rego .
he used the ninth player , Robin Kiva was still delayed due to a lack of injury .
these decisions are taking place on the spot .
the bitter happened this morning , but it was not ready to be explained by the 100 % , but it was not yet a 100 % - was not explained by a 100 % .
tomorrow , at 18.15 , Estonia will meet the British in favour of Bulgaria today : 73 .
this is the winner of this game by next summer to the European Union by the summer of the EESC by the summer .
a woman found a layer in the washing machine - who could be part of this ?
&apos;Loot washed out of the machines when a bright wash , sometimes in my eye &apos; , is speaking about a woman in what happened . the fragility of aliens in their washing machines .
in actual fact , I did not pay the closest attention to the threshold of the first hand .
I have put in motion as a machine .
the &apos; two small children &apos; ears &apos; from the top of the &apos; two small children &apos; .
when the second laylight and I started to wash , it was still a bright of washing the blight . there will be a tree and found there then .
the age of a man of gold has been graded 14 years ago .
as someone in a family called a man or woman , who could be in helplessly , there is no complete mysterling to some of them .
Mrs Kin researched the parent &apos;s child , that perhaps his horror has been in the pocket and the warrrhoin has been put into the wash . in fact , the child confirmed that he has not brought home home .
Karin is a year for my partners in Tallinn Madali , has lived for a year .
in the past , they come out of it and then then it is a washing machine .
but , when a friend , should there be nothing to do with the inferons , how does it get into operation ?
&apos;We are now in a demanding and cannot understand the path that was needed to wash into the wash machine &apos; .
since the rate of life in two small children is quite rapid , then in the dreams at the end of the day .
&apos;recently , there have been postal maps , where the holder of the holder of the age of living , and now it seemed that it is high time for us to look for the screening that we have found ourselves . the &apos; , Klain refers to a case in the social media , where in Tallinn &apos;s outbreak last week in Tallinn . it was .
&apos;because Facebook will be found and searched for different things , I was first first to try to try &apos; speaking &apos; , Mr Karin , whose post has divided up . nearly 4 000 people .
&apos;Pot has now received any feedback , and not everything is good &apos; , a woman , referring that he would recommend that he had his or her man . to take the floor .
then there was the feeling that it was now necessary .
since my mech has become the biggest deceit and we have heard .
frankly , at the beginning , I have been concerned at the beginning , but , when the comments came to the comments that I am going to have , in all honesty , in time . I am laughing .
the composites also proposed the idea that maybe the screening has reached the second circle in the pockets of rigs .
well , the last six months ago , the work was bought in work for work in the work of the second circle , which were flying without more in-depth study without more in-depth inquiries . it is true , but is it really a woman who is discussing her .
be that as it may , however , we have agreed that it is now already a principle that we now need to find the owner .
let us be the reason for the disappearance of this screening .
divorce , a family family or whatever .
I think that this is the only thing , because if I had ever had to disappear , I know I would be very grateful to the person who tried me . it is to be found and a valuable asset to return .
I have also approached the role of the family situation in order to obtain aid from the owner .
however , I received the answer that in Estonia on this date and that is what he has done .
one screening is the owner .
recently , in the Tallinn Pelgurana came back on 21 July in Tallinn Pelgurana . for this to be a woman .
&apos;Yaluther morning in the morning , and I saw an outbreaks behind the 53 house , on imports and inside , a golden checklet &apos; . Mr Gerl , that a grace of grazing has promised to assume that it is a woman .
Mr Gerl Pota Satoto Sheel ) its Facebook and the group &apos; &apos; ginated in Tallinn &apos; . shared information on the part of the town of North Tallinna and the north .
in two weeks &apos; time , the police and announced that the Skely has been identified .
&apos;I have a daughter contact and Monday last night went to the daughter &apos; and the Speace had disappeared , because the old Mrs was in his hands . I have shaken , and during the second wars , where it was buried .
&apos;he lost this same day in the morning , when I walked my dog said &apos; , says Gerl .
from time to time , we still have to go to the forest , whatever the reason .
however , if , however , the quest is the time to make a single cule of roads .
there are plenty of resources for this .
the protection of the home is a little overview .
we are talking about this because we are talking about it , and quite the way , which is , to some extent , a patchwork , but it is not our case . the best for health .
it is always prepared to be an attempt to test , because both the prescriptions and maize are different .
some of them are not needed for a long time , only six of them will only have to leave the others , on the other hand , have to be drawn up .
of course , there must also be an observation that water and plants are sufficiently clean .
it also depends on a great deal of time and of the time and place .
we will now take a closer look at how to prepare a few simple roads and what influence they may have .
Mhniykelokrosis
Mknikarways can be a friend of a year ago .
if a day is a good thing of God &apos;s water per day , it suits the way well , in order to satisfy the need for the C-vitamins and to give a little extra . energy .
as for all plants , it is also possible to get useful elements in the use of alternative methods , for example , by daring - ocks do not have to take a long time . it is enough to have a bullet of water and , for a while , the drag .
a half litres of water per litre of water per litre of water , which has to be run for 15 minutes .
the result is a drink in which there is almost 25 mg of C-vitamines , a great deal of calium and nothing .
in addition , drink contains some of the 1.5 sugar kup , in other words , the 20 cat sugar .
there can always be a rescheon in order to improve the brain &apos;s .
and if a drink received a cange , it may be watered down as a transplant .
the preparation of Cuba is in the same way , but drink goes a bit differently .
the Var wait is excellent and it will help very many scourges , in the corner of a huge number of scourges .
a fatigue will help to overcome the fatigue process , and will help in the event of coldest diseases , as well as as a catalyst for savage disease , as well as in the case of cold diseases . the downward trend .
as a result , it would not be worth half a half a per day .
it is also waiting for a sense of discovering , so winter should be found a more peaceful moment for this return .
in the winter to prepare the winter , we will take fresh carcasthees at the time of the summer , the equivalent or a march .
for half a litre , a little bit of a little bit of the parallels that have to be seen as long as water owes the red bagon . that is the case .
the Var theft can also be made .
to this end the theft and the hoto them for a few hours in the heat .
a longer , and more comprehensive work , is also doing the chicken .
we are prepared to have a carbon-let to include the games in the brics .
Mustckels
the Musttaque is a disability which , in nature , looks like a piece of piece of trees .
in most cases , there are the same benefits , but elsewhere .
the Seine area is very wide - as a bullet , for innocence , instead of the virus , and so on .
the ash can also be very poor .
a kind of &apos; supermarket &apos; is a kind of supermarket which can be used for a great many diseases , even cancer or minor , to raise the tone . to reduce the stress , prolonging life expectancy .
the Seen contains a number of unique compounds and a lot of B-vitamines , as well as anti-oils and a few mineral and white .
the route made in Seenes can be the case of a day , there is no risk of over-consumption .
there is a need for around 3 to 3 centim a piece of five to 15 have been run in 2-3 litres , between 5 and 15 minutes .
a woman walks around the earth : my day budget is USD 5 .
I have had this experience of honour , I have also had this experience of 40 days , in which I have chosen to live in southern France , in order to simply be free and live a day . at the same time .
the scenes have been taken in the scenes , forests , small towns and so on .
in one of the French &apos; homelessness &apos; , 44 years old .
Oi , do not think there was some sort of pedestrides : Mr cure was simply in Menton , and we were able to get friends in Menton and we were able to friends . although it was a 15a parent , it was a good thing .
it came out that the man was a good family , a former French officer officer .
Alcot is not wise , the sun is not doing , in a word , a decent person , an intelligent , pleasant relationship and , life .
the united , I was in and will be followed by 3 weeks , together with the city of the city , the city of the town and also around 5 per day .
the money has still come , so much for the lives .
the man taught how the contribution of the evening to provide assistance to the closure of hotels and restaurants of restaurants and restaurants .
we have done a lot of work to be followed by 2 and 3 days , and then on ...
at some point in time , I have decided that no longer should be allowed ...
I took the flight to Helsinki from home .
and , incidentally , I regret .
these 40 days were perhaps the best of my life .
Mr Facebook has referred to Facebook : &apos; the quotation is a poor justification &apos; .
therefore , I am not going to look back and try to remember what has been done in the history of human creation and what results have been achieved .
I am not going to judge whether these tests can be seen as successful or failed .
I will also avoid the excessive sources , although in the image of my most important teacher in Rome : all of my thoughts have been . it is borrowers to remember where exactly .
the most conspicating of the most conspication of the citizens of the Republic of Estonia - a perfect person .
we are not going to grow , as we are growing children , in good faith , that it becomes a person .
we are going to increase him in this way , as the ruling class , is to say that he can live in Estonia and speak out in Estonia .
censorship is perfect .
although the local ruling class changed was a bit of a year ago , some farming methods are equally frightening when the previous ruling class , now impoverished lovers - their brutality . it is not a little bit down to the previous previous .
they are simply different .
Latvia &apos;s shoulders are the brink of a new era .
to the Heads of State of the State
the ruling class is not only those politicians who are receiving their salary from the state , but also those of those who are making a voluntary policy on a voluntary basis ( loe : deliberately ) in writing . - ( PT ) Mr Mikhail , in using an opinion flag , Facebook , when the terrible people are behaving around them . in Estonia , it is going to be a boycott , the gesture of sabotage .
they are in agreement with the ECHO Chamber in ECHO Chamber &apos; ( English ) for people who live in a space where there is only the right opinions for them , for example . their own Facebook friends , etc . ) , but the conflict in Estonia is not possible .
there are still some of the compliments , who thinks or is doing something that is unbearable of the cowardice .
and that is the wording of the worship and business shells are draconian .
we have a very number of politicians who know exactly how much a person can go on with a number of children , about how to work . a great deal of pay is when he is going to be on , what to think about how to divorce , when we may have a death .
very important positions .
when their public contributions have anything other than what they have said themselves are insulted , insulted , hysteria .
the fact that in several countries in Europe , people travel in several European countries , and this is allowed by law , is not shaken .
zero tolerance is the only permitted mess in every area , but there is no care behind zero tolerance , but by fear .
class hatred and fat - just as much like me .
the politicians will only be able to open the door , but never mind .
they believe that any &apos; action &apos; in which they improve society will work and are well worth trying .
fortunately , we have an adequate size of the glass of Kladiches , the glass of mentality with mental disability , who is a good pin . it is through any window of pain - without pain .
for this reason , it seems to us , if some smart poet is opening up and he is an emotive error in the winter that this is what it is about . sensible .
a few words , which we will certainly send us as a matter of action , a woman , a woman , violence , the work of the work .
if you believe everything that self-interest officials , activists and politicians ( such are only a small part of all groups , but they are able to deprive them of the way that they are able to do so . the whole of society is disposed of and writing ) , the citizen is not only a response , a vulgar and unpleasant , but also the brain free , without needing .
but let us not believe , do not be tolerant , do not ban drinking .
the Estonian people in any case is as much as it wants , not as much as the country is allowing .
the Estonian man is tolerant in any case than it is not forced to be tolerated .
the person of Estonia will not only change its behaviour two months before the elections , in order to ensure that the objective of achieving the objective of his popularity , and once again , not only . but also to do what unpleasant brain fratanes are restored rapidly .
who is no different , it is not the right old .
I do not believe that a single person can be remedied .
I believe that a person can be taught .
drink sensibly , love their own family , to be a man of work , a courtesy , not only to friends , but for the whole of society .
there is no time for teaching , limit , ban , coercion , coercion , coercion , to put in order to order , to put it into a corner of the media . what we are doing .
the teacher must serve as an example .
a politician is talking about tobacco losses ?
at a time , a police officer , makes me a fine fine for exceeding the speed ?
and then there will be a word between my colleague ...
I have this ritual idea that perhaps we should try to bring the ruling class once again .
to tell them that do not drink .
you drink , drink openly : in the Chamber of the Chamber , the eyes of the people .
the radiation of the radiation only publicly - cars , private cars , be all the red .
if you govern , then govern as you govern itself .
perhaps it is a shame , if words and actions are not going together .
or we can know that we ourselves want to be governed by the most sins .
since all of us , we have the kind of things that we do not want to be at all .
where do we escape from themselves ?
for this weekend , rains are allowed to appear , so it would be time to take a proper line .
why not the trimbers !
Mr RE gorbous shares recommendations for nine habits , which should help the summer to achieve a more humble and a better tone . that is the case .
admittedly , the first change should be seen as the first trends in the first trend .
the bus driver saved eight months from the economy , without knowing that the dogs have actually the owner .
&apos;What will these eight months , I would be a woman , together with coffers , a joke of the bus and leader of the bus of coach . who saved the motorway out of the way the way the way to follow the way in hand , by giving them more to the workers of asylum .
however , the property of the home of dogs , for whom it remained unreasonable , why was not taken away from his home .
Mr Oleg , the President of Harharland bus and said that he has already been working as a coach manager from the beginning of the early 1990s , but such a case has not been before in his career . I was travelling by bus and coach by bus and coach .
in close proximity , I have noticed that the road is running around a little .
I thought it was a hand of hand , but it came out that there was four months &apos; , a bus leader was recalled .
he went to bull , and he stopped passengers full of buses , so as to compensate passengers .
&apos;whereas cars have been travelling by the cars and dogs have been hijacked and dogs in the &apos; , in the words of Oleg .
he added that the passengers were sensible , and they were also given to them a lot of joy .
Kuwait was a bit of a poor but then changed .
people on board , the coach manager went on a new front because the vehicle needed compliance .
at the same time , there were still four small dogs there , at the same time , four small dogs .
it was a German lamb of sheep .
they were so nave and it was clear to see that they have been taken care .
dogs were nice , indeed staggering .
the first idea was , of course , that someone wanted to get rid of them &apos; , the bus driver spoke that it was for this reason that he decided that it was for this reason that he decided that it was for this reason .
&apos;I also took the four months and called on the police &apos; , we have reminded the police &apos; .
those who have been contacted by the Tallinn , animal protection , which the worker came to the dwellers of the Baltic .
but was the bus driver not being tempted to take on board ?
that was the point .
one of the House was both beautiful and calm .
it was fine , as a adult dog , said Oleg .
but where are these eight months ?
I would have taken a corner with coffers , together with the House .
we still have a small child .
property has yet to be taken in the annex .
in Tallinna , the President of the Fiine Tobias confirmed that a shelter of 8 German sheep coffers , who is the two and a half month . the old .
however , on the same day , the owner came to the family .
&apos;We did not even make them in the past and gave them just back &apos; , he said .
&apos;Certe owner was not very angry , but he said that they have the only way to see a house &apos;s vision and a driver who could have been asked to ask . did the propb belong to them &apos; , spoke about Tobias .
however , the person of asylum in the annex , however , it is a good thing that the coach manager , at the same time , and this was not an accident . that is the case .
in fact , it was very good that it has reacted .
in the landscape , it has met where , if necessary , with the best will , the best will not be possible .
that is where the ATV is the solution .
in the case of ATD , which is used in military affairs , gave an overview of the home of the Catalan .
there is nothing new in the use of vehicles in military structures , there is nothing new .
however , the need for them emerged during the Second World War , greater attention was given to them at the end of the Second World War .
simplicity and strength
M-274 - M-274 - M-274 - have already been known as M-274 - have already known as M-274 - on the way forward . since the end of the Second World War , a vehicle for evacuated from the Second World War .
it is a bit strange to say a bit strange to mention the mechanic truth .
it is hard to imagine the wheel .
a wheelchair , a platform and a rock : everything , the whole luxury .
as far as the species of the construction of the engineers are too hasty to put on the table and have started to produce cuts .
however , in the war , it counts much more perseverance .
this categorisation of the sludge in the Vietnamese jungle .
in Vaevavaly access , less than a fifty kilogram machine , where , in its capacity , in places where our capacity for superfluence . the mythological months have gathered in Willyal Yep , the brakes had to show .
in the most part of the 50-50 kiloos of transport on transport , both poppia and a revival of recovery .
sometimes , it was once again being fitted with a fake , unsettling anti-tank weapons .
it was under fire , however , and this has happened , it was possible to shift the rooling system above the rooling system and let it allow it so much . the low that the vehicle was able to lead a chasp in sheep .
Mnews was produced up to up to 1970 , in total of 11 240 , and they were in the army up up up to the year up to 1980 , when the triumph of progress was exchanged . the HMMW has done .
in the course of the two decades , ATVs have had a marginal sense in the military circles .
back to the pictures came after the desert in New York and the US soldiers found themselves in Iraq and the US soldiers found themselves in the desert of Iraq and Afghanistan . we are drawing up .
it was where knowledge and the notion that there is a need for something that would fill the gap between Humwee and shoes .
since the ATVs generally takes account of the protection of protection , they are not directly the best option to carry out the battle .
however , it is appropriate rapid and easy machines for the special tasks .
for example , in the castor and rescue operations , for example .
today , there are thousands of ATVs and UT.
most of them , such as the so-called XUV550 , which was referred to in the so-called XUV55t , which was carried out in accordance with the army &apos;s needs .
on the labelling of the Flar , the names of the Kawasaki , the names such as Kawasaki , Mr Mule , Hondt . cher and Mr Foreman , Yamahs Rhono and Arctic Cat , and an ever-widening choice of military ATVEurope . the models of the manufacturer Polyarte .
in 2013 , the Centre for a five-year agreement with the Centre of the American special troops ( SOCOM ) in the Polardroi . in terms of supply and a special five-year agreement on the autonomous Polarai Sporporman , which has been made by MV850 , which has both information . rapiptic and innovative bees of bees , which will ensure mobility of mobility for bees , which will ensure mobility of mobility for the bee , which will ensure mobility of movement also . after the horse of the 50-speaking Aromic Armed weapons .
before the M850 market lights , the Polarns came from the Polarns from MV700 and MV800 .
in the case of M700 , there are 700cc Twin Sporatman &apos;s military version , which has been included in the case of Mvin Sport Twin Sporatman . and wants to make , two parts of the fuel tanks to go through major distances , a strengthened ram and a piece of military equipment for farmers . it is no longer than those who are complaining to greater .
in the same way , alongside the Polarise ATVs , both in Iraq and in Afghanistan , it is equipped with arms assets , baggage . with the resctor and some other elements that have been used in rigour , but in the battle zone .
the vehicle weighing up 750 kg can take advantage of almost its own body weight , in particular , the 570 kilograts .
the driver &apos;s capacity will also suffice to be able to carry out lighter .
as other as other , the aspects of which are disposed , allows for a vehicle from point B , which is the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of the size of that small . but a little bit of the hard tree .
later , the M-GG will also prepare versions of A1 , which is 20 horses by 20 horses are more powerful than the original 20-horbeltic M-. Gaba , and the strengthened framework for A2 , which is even better able to transport and to rest , and A3 , which is connected with the United States and A3 . the positive characteristics of A2 .
indeed , M-Gmen , in fact , already in 1997 and 1998 in Bosnia , where medical brigades were used to evacuate them .
at the same time , they were also reduced the burden on their own feet , by denying them the tale that would otherwise have had to come out of the market .
if the majority in the power of the structures in force in force in power structures , there are also a few exceptions .
the eminent of these eminent of Phoenix International International , has been used in Phoenix International , which has been used successfully throughout the world . the battle , intelligence and rescue missions .
the producer claims for the first time , ten years ago , has been presented for the first time ten years ago , which are characteristic of the traditional ATVEurope . for those , as well as those that the army is modicated , both the leadership , resilience and safety , as well as in terms of safety .
as a construction and the fourth largest , similar to the usual ATVon , Provler is different from both its construction and its capacity .
it will be quicker , more robust , more stable and can be able to drag greater difficulties than others similar vehicles .
for example , in the case of the ATV , the driver has to play its own body with their own body , and to use both hands , to speed up , speed and braking both hands . it is similar to the leadership of the car rather than a car leadership .
however , at the end of the day , Mr Ford , MV850 or another ATV or UTV , the concept and the scope of the ATR or UTV , the concept and the scope of the sector are the field of application . everyone is similar .
and it is clear that , in the circumstances in which defence expenditure broadly cut down the reduction in defence spending , and the vast majority of the National War , a firm target of a firm target . it is a mockery of the process , is the light-weighted army , or to stay in the service of the service .
&apos;my clock was killed , but I do not &apos; , we were kept on the front of Mr E. HGE. we are a dam in the SSSdam . a broad smile .
it is true , as a whole , a healthy , long-standing triumph in Raivos .
what is more , in drink 21.1 kilometres , he had his conversations : &apos; I was talking about one person at the time of drink . it was &apos; No &apos; and wondered : &apos; Issit , you were also talking about &apos;
Jooilles went on the Raivo , who had energy for the sake , some of the times on the speed of the day .
the Treeneri recommendation .
&apos;Ain Ahanst has said that there is no point in putting in place , because there is no point in putting up the wheels , because there are such increases here . in time , there is no differentiation between whether drinks or the way in the racks , &apos; says to say , that it took the lead and consultancy . just to hear words .
he was also able to pull the price of the times , and it was also able to oversee the left of the left and better interviews . the pheges .
as is not the case of 1.9 km of the flood , 90 kilometres of cycling and 21.1 kilometres to drink .
&apos;I think that my trepromise is also that I am able to enjoy this competition &apos; in January , in January , and today its body &apos;s body . the 16 kilograms lost on the Raveno , with dissatisfaction .
and as far as interviews are concerned , that is what I would like to say , after the finishing interinterview after the finishing .
I have been able to give an interview to this , and I hoped that it would be good for the German to do so after the Open Iron .
I thought it would then be all well if I am not in the west of the west of the West &apos; ; on the contrary , the pela-beon the west of the West . the finishing line was offered by the finishing line , quite apart from the finishing line : our hands in the sky and in the form of a sincere victory .
there were also reasons for this : the Movogus took 46 minutes for the flood of 46 minutes , and 24 seconds , 90 kilometres of the wheels for 3 hours and 32 minutes . 21.1 kilometres to run 2 hours and 18 minutes .
&apos;my heart is now the &apos; my heart &apos; , confirms the Raivo , who is already in the fining in saying that he had a finger on sport . and it took the finger on the taxi .
I have already registered myself on 20 August with Gonds - 230 kilometres of Tallin Tallinn .
so , once again , I am going to be true tomorrow .
the third festival day is a strong wind .
so that was left by the pictures of the pictures of the cameras , one who is trying to fly in the face of the roof .
many of the festivals of this House , many of the festivals , that you have your eyes and our eyes .
I think we have gone quite well .
we have done well with our works and our work well with our works and our work , the Puaist police , Andres Shuman , how the two reports for them . it has been .
Sir says that today , the patrolling crews and the rapid reaction makers in the streets and also communicate with the people - perhaps they have questions and want to know . how a rapid response should be .
in two days , the police has had to deal with some of the tests and also of the drugs .
&apos;there has also been a few of the large quantities of drug handling , but summaries will be done when the Weber is over &apos; . that is the case .
around one hundred people have been working in the course of two days in two days .
fortunately , the cases of extreme cases in the police have not been necessary .
by the way , Sir says that , if the sky comes dramatically and horizontally , they do not have a lot of work .
one Head of the Haperlau has once said that rain has never been said .
the Puaist police have also done the same assistance in the field of the Weber , where things can be found and the same can be demanded of its missing things .
by the way , the police even lose out one of its necessary elements , which good people were able to invent .
looking at a video which has yet been spoken about by Mr Shuman .
the statement by the &apos; Gunnar Vies , is speaking to a man that the Festir was speaking to a man that the Festir was born in the first years ago . that is , and its owners came under the coast of the coast of the coast of the coast of the coast of the coast , and that was the case in the Puknus , and that was the case . the myth that was sold in Estonia .
the Gunnar says that they have committed to 25 000 visitors a day , but the ticks will only be counted when a festival .
the preparation for today &apos;s silence started as early as September .
&apos;We had information in favour of the city that the previous poster begins , there is a hotel &apos; , the Gunnar is speaking about what change in the newer . this year we have had to face .
at the moment , there is no Koppa , but it is expected that if the KPPP did not go to the next year .
so , perhaps , we would have had to move away from which , he will explain why this year &apos;s festival &apos;s area this year .
the Festival organisation is over this year .
people are working on a thousand and a half thousand and between a thousand and a half thousand - police officers , the organisation , the security front , and so on .
the most difficult was the most difficult thing , according to Vienna , is the case of the case in Vienna .
it is men who are not an unquestionable present present .
why The Chainmocity is a difficult for the Weber and how the Gunnar is saying that two performers have their own representation . you are already looking at a video of video .
the West is coming to the west of Estonia .
in northern Estonia , there has been much to be heard on several sides in the north of Estonia .
this afternoon , the Solise Service also gave a sudden warning .
today , in the north of Estonia , there are many quarters of the sudden .
the sudden benefits are rapidly moving from the West .
the &apos; E outbreak &apos; in the south-west of Europe are 18 to 15 , islands and on the coast of 15 , islands and on the coast , but it may result in a stronger nucleus . &apos;, is standing on the website of the magic Service .
however , the far bigger blinds , however , in south-east Finland and in the east of St Petersburg .
fortunately , the wind in Estonia will be blowing from the West and the edeb , so at least at the very least , at the very least , at the very least , at least , it is not at the very least at risk .
Finns were organised by Finns .
when 11 years ago , the first woman &apos;s tancer has been held , the organisers were apparently unable to see that the northern neighbour in the north of Estonia . it is by example .
today , however , there is the first Finnish tance of Finnish men in Finland .
the representatives of the Lapua town were so enthusiastic in the last friends in the city of Rakalis , so that it wanted to organise something like this &apos; . Mr Kaiir Piaiir Piaiir Piaiir Piair Piair , has announced .
&apos;That is what is happening today in Finland in the case of the Latree Latrea , Finland , under 100 celebrations in Finland . where there is also 100 men from the Viruland , a friend , Pirate .
in the words of milk , this is an excellent example of good cooperation between the two friends of friendship .
it will also be celebrated for the July of the Estonian and Finnish republics .
there is also the winner of the winner of the winner of 69 , the winner of the previous season , Karl Reintanbi .
&apos;I have the honour of being one of the Chamber who , with its participation in Finland , for example , is what the men said &apos; , he said .
the &apos; Rakver is doing a decent job for the Finnish men in the preparation of the Finnish men in the preparation of all its excessive working order to ensure that the northern neighbours do not have a proper place in the northern neighbourhood . the level to show the level &apos; , commented by a member of the Rakjae , Ain Sheev .
the presentation of the Virur men has set the most ardent leader in the Honourable President , Tibet is a magnificent leader of the well-known colony of the well-known world leader . on the oveosis .
the House is based on the heavy burden on the home of the Estonians .
the first of all of Estonian women was carried out in 2006 , so far the last time , in 2015 , in 2015 .
although the media &apos;s attention has been devoted mainly to the Pitor and what is going on there , it is not the only one for this weekend .
there is also a festival of what is taking place in Pbesir , there is loyal fans .
one of them is , for example , in Twitteri : &apos; I have the Weber &apos;s ticket to go &apos; .
and why not .
in addition to domestic artists , there are also speakers from America , Finland , from Hungary and elsewhere .
there is a festival of a festival of debt due to the magic location .
one of them , Lucy Road , today did not appear to be surprised at Twitter in Twitter , how the beautiful place is Estonia .
however , visitors are not in the distribution of intermediate walls .
in order to be able to play a part of the Incirsar region .
although the weekend has come , there has not been a carpet for the operation of the day .
there is still a lot of work , you are also trying to encourage other people to take action .
I would like to forget the concerns and , together with more expensive vehicles .
take the time for me to be able to enjoy one nurses in some nurses , in a romantic one .
as far as we are talking about the subject , the road to major plans , perhaps the promises of the promises that they already have to say , a moment ago .
the second party , however , fails to remember the words .
the guest is in any way to be uneasy , it is difficult to focus on action .
you may not be dependent on what is happening now , but never before .
in the difficult situation , too , can be able to act promptly and in a difficult situation .
it is possible that , today , you are going to be in trouble , because there is enough wisdom and determination .
rather , the concern of monetary and business affairs leaves us .
taking the time to rest up the tree and relax .
the People &apos;s Party may be tireless and a lot of nervousness .
it is possible that we have experienced the situation in which it is a serious debate , during which you must vigorously defend its views .
if the others go beyond the border , you will do you .
better feeling of feeling in a more habitual environment , making things that are capable and what are positive .
apparently , you are not in a junk of new knowledge and mixtures .
it is an action that obviously never really is full full of .
you are also saying today .
however , what is going on is not necessarily the normal thing .
it may be the case that , in spite of one day , you will still have to deal with the glass of fingers .
or then they were physically at home , but it is still behind the work table .
if you want sharp experience , it can offer travel .
it is seizing you in the past , you will have to be summarised in order to maintain and maintain a balance .
also , we are wasting energy in terms of finances .
it is taking this issue only if the situation really requires urgent and decisive intervention .
in Indonesia , a man who stolen a man who was stolen for the mosque , the Hungarian news agency MTI were burning .
the 30 years of stolen , the capital of the capital , Jakarta , the capital of the Gakarta , the Takarta , the capital of the capital of the Becasta . the watchman said he and a silver : &apos; go on the ground ! &apos;
the aid of Tuldar and was immediately set to follow the theft .
it was in the run on the wheels and even flooded the river .
in the course of the day , a few kilometres of time , one of the backrefers of the back door , causing serious injury .
rains for the back of the basics , it was beaten and beaten .
one of the back time and expensive cat petrol and burned .
Syria died in incinerators died .
the extension was delivered to the East Jakarta police hospital .
the police took on their side as an engine of the carryover and also stolen emissions .
there were originally reports in the local press , as if it were not a theft , but instead with an electric monopoly who would have liked to have been repaired . that is the case .
however , those allegations were decisively overtaken by the police .
Sheelau has declared that it does not make a statement on the matter .
the German news agency &apos;s DPA , the German news assessment is the reason for the fact that the Inteonic people do not trust , in particular , the police or the judiciary .
Indonesia is the world &apos;s largest Muslim country .
the 255 million people are even 87.2 % .
the Estonian children have a multitude of the rivals of the Estonian children
in Europe and America , it is often shaped by what is often borne by children of the art of the Kuvans or those children , then Estonia will parents choose their own . instead , our ideas for the Middle East are on the basis of what is happening .
the British little briefs is becoming a mother , a hertsoginna Cahterine , as the real modus for the example of the British .
just as his mother , will also be able to unleash in people &apos;s riots , which has become even a concept of a word - a print of the former concept . &apos;i &apos;s effect .
the latest such paragraph was taking place a few weeks ago on the visit of the Kinmal family in Poland , where the Spanish brand of the Spanish brand in Tzza . a sel-and-re-ypaniBulgarian , which was bought by the parents of 24 hours .
there is probably a great deal among those who come from Estonia , because the late of the King children deprive our parents completely .
Mrs Ansger , Anna Anspot , is saying that the children of the Stalinis children and the foreign land movers are generally on our parents &apos; purchases of our parents in general . there is no impact on the weather .
in Estonia , the proportion of children &apos;s affairs has been the most indicative of the most directions , in Estonia , the channels of YouTube .
this is the case with the figures for the most popular products in recent years , in the Frozen &apos;s figures , nuts , rithid . ladies and gentlemen , the doers or cats , strains and so on &apos; .
at the same time , he is saying that , if you wish , my children will also be able to put their children in the same way as rice .
the man was held hostage to a modelter Plan , he was imprisoned to sell the dark website .
the Polish citizen took the hostages of the British modell .
a 20-year-old woman was on a 20-year-old woman in a fernave online , was announced by Guardian .
the police have made a woman of 11 July of 11 July with the promise that he can work on photography .
instead , he was stunned and was brought to the scene close in Turin .
allegedly , those who imprisoned a woman was tried to sell a 230 000 coat of GBP 230 000 and submitted his modelic agency to a ranso-staffing agency .
however , the five of a woman &apos;s prison to the British consulate on 17 July .
the police has a suspect under the authority of the Polish citizen Lulamz Hera , who is living in Britain .
the newspaper Corriere della Sera , has found that a woman has a small child or she did not want to sell him .
the delicate data of the vulnerable children on the basis of the sensitive children of the vulnerable children .
as a result of the alarming breach of information on a child , the personal data of children , including the information about whether they are sexually active .
a mother was sent emailed , which included the names of all the children in the Victoria . there are seats and specific concerns and specific concerns associated with them .
an email excovered every child &apos;s place .
the list has been pointed out that one of the 13-year-old boy is exempt from the party , and in his case , the sexual behaviour of his or year-old girl . who has a problem with self-defeating , the abuse and exploitation of certain substances is &apos; outside &apos; with boiss-friend &apos; and &apos; no return this evening &apos; . and that one of the 14-year-old boy needs help &apos; taking care &apos; and is a verbaly aggressive and physical threat .
the background seems to be a transfer document that was intended to send out to the viewer of our beloved .
the document contains some notes about when it will be home to wait for some children or whether they can be in contact with personnel .
a number of details about some children have been presented with an alarming number of details .
a 15-year-old boy has been written on a warning : &apos; when staff are contacted to obtain a licence to searching and / or laptops / USUS . the &apos; no &apos; vote must be granted &apos; .
the document will also be aware that a girl of a 17-year-old girl , who will be the risk of being based on welfare facilities , there is the risk of a suicide rating . great that staff will have to call for the emergency in the event of the emergency .
a 16-year-old suspended boy was stated that he is outside and &apos; takes personnel later in contact with the staff , so that he could say &apos; .
although , in the case of listed sites , the name of the accommodation unit , where children are held , and not in their address , the details are , however , much enough to be possible for them to be possible . to be found .
the data leakage in 2015 came out when the mother of Fairfacileres have had its experience in dealing with the health and services ministries in their dealings with the health and the Ministry of services and the protection of child protection . it is now four years ago .
he agreed to share its concerns now , when his daughter had received 18 and left systems .
a heart-breaking decision on the protection of children after a violent incident at home , one of the ever more cases of family violence . what parents make against their children .
there were worrying consequences that the mother would never have been able to see , for example , he was able to obtain seven criminal charges in six months &apos; time . he was going to move hundreds of miles away from hundreds of kilometres in the home , where he appeared successfully in the world , but then he was going to move back without parents . without informing and facilitating the relationship between his or her daughter for her daughters , the two of his daughters and the man of the parent .
the relationship with the first of those in the boy friends , from 17-year-years , with which the care authorities promised women in the 15-year-old daughter at the time of a woman at the time of 15 to 15 years at the time of a woman . to be present , then , when a young man was presented a few days after the age of 18 .
&apos;Why the system out of the system when they enter there , &apos; ask the mother &apos; .
&apos;and does this happen to the children of all care ? &apos;
he is in favour of the creation of a body that would allow children to be held in the first few weeks after their care , before they are taking place . it will be .
this would enable them to understand better the way in which children interact and what the dangers associated with them are concerned , especially in education .
the government government is looking for new ways of reducing the need to put in place in children &apos;s home care , in an attempt to better support their parents .
with a clear guideline , financed by 62 million dollars over four years , the aim is to help to transfer children from domestic care in terms of better organisation .
in addition , a two-month experiment will also allow professional carers to at least 28 children to help them with 28 children in order to help them it is out of care to get out of care or prevent it out .
according to the representative of the party , the information leaks were not reported officially , when it says that it was informed that the two parts of the department in a few months &apos; time after the incident .
the department is now cooperating with the service provider to analyse the case .
&apos;one of the alleged potential for privacy data will be taken very seriously , and we will work to ensure that it has no negative impact on the young people concerned .
in July last year , the Minister of families and children in July last year , the Minister for families and children in July last year .
the department agreed to the seven recommendations made as a result of this , and has updated this child protection guide to ensure that staff clearly understand their roles and the activities of privacy . the IT systems have changed IT systems in order to prohibit the automatic concentration of certain personal data , and have formally examined the services relating to privacy .
until now , Woody Joholson , New York , the Ambassador Setsi , New York .
Johnson was the biggest financial donor during the presidential campaign and was appointed in November in November .
the long-term republic donor Johnson helped to collect the money for George W. Bush , John McCin and Mr Romans , when they are . there were candidates for the party .
he took action as a financial leader in the period of 2016 .
Johnson &apos;s old , created a basis for medical equipment in Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson &amp; Johnson .
in the past , the US Ambassador , Matthew Barzun .
in Barzia , Barack Obama and he took office in January this year , Barack Obama and he stood back in January this year .
Cambridge to the hertsoginna on childhood should have had &apos; the right to die &apos;
Cambridge to the hertsoginn , a deadly disease in childhood &apos;s childhood years should have been allowed to have been allowed to have been allowed to have been allowed to have been permitted . to stop life .
Isobel Ksora , who was a member of the Fertsoginna , a member of the Grand Finn , an anus after three years of struggle for belonry . what caused him &apos; extreme pain , suffering and loss of dignity &apos; to allow him to die .
in the age of 34-year-old children are diagnosed in a woman in 2014 , but he suffered his mother &apos;s words in 2014 , but he suffered the mother of his mother . it is terribly before he died in May .
Christine Eeley , 65 , Newburynst from Berret , has submitted a call to amend the law that would allow the death disease suffering from a deadly disease and mentality . the competent people to check their death &apos; and to check the time &apos; .
he said that the death of the daughter death caused a &apos; serious trauma &apos; , and the desire for the law to set the law in place to put it in place . he would have allowed her daughter to die if its condition deteriorated .
the English author is publishing the book .
&apos;The Help Hand is Michaelsi , BBC , the former player of the BBC , the mother of two children , and the mother of two children . sport Tatler .
for the end of the book , it took three years , and it is devoted to his filiaans Maricon Espart and Ginalyn Narada . who will help the food production and the boy , the fourth-year-old Jobellion , and the typhol , of the eight-year Florence . that is the case .
the aid he describes as &apos; family members &apos; , helped to test the test during the book writing ; this is the first such a book in Singapore , which is the first such a book in Singapore , which will be published in Singapore . both English and back in the language of the back .
&apos;The Helpat Hand &apos; is available in books anywhere in Singapore at the price of 39.90 SGD and also from emigration centres . in Hong Kong , Dubai , Malaysia , Vietnam and the Philippines .
Mrs Christie speaks about the way it has transmitted to the Sottan Council and the cyber bullying , so that he was once again in the name of the gold .
in comparison with this fragile young woman , who has considered the most recent time of a young woman , who was considered to be a bonus , a total of 2 6-year-old Christie . what has changed until now .
nurses &apos;s insults in his feet , especially because he was also a child in the case of West Lovanian in West Lovanian . that is the case .
at the moment , he is self-confidence and believes that the challenge may arrive at the beginning of the initial point , bringing at least one of the gold PAyev .
&apos;If I would like to get out of the Olympic winner &apos; , he says , without having the purpose of clarifying the purpose .
&apos;If I feel that I am both in a poor and a spiritual point in order to deal with it &apos; .
he was once dreaming of his ilnotable , until the essential elements of this interest have started to reduce this interest .
&apos;I was a very good hyque and , but I had the problem with the arts of the arts , he said .
&apos;I was not a good elegant , a good elegant .
it was a sensible choice , because the short-term establishment is suitably the best of my person &apos; .
Vietnam &apos; regrets the lack of &apos; felt &apos; in the wake of the death of the German people .
Vietnam said on Thursday , that it regrets the comments made by the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs , which accuse the TVietnam &apos;s intelligence service to the oil operator , who is the former commront of the oil operator , who is the former leader of the EU . due to the allegations in the country , robbery , kidnapping .
the German authorities believe that Trinh Xuan Thanh , was seized by Berlin , which left the Vietnamese porereacts on Wednesday . in order to leave the country .
in writing . - ( DE ) Thana is facing the death penalty in the event of conviction .
he was looking for Germany to be found in Germany , but his statement had not yet been reached when the Vietnamese authorities called for his extradition .
in Le Tu Ku , the representative of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Le Tu Ku , said that these comments are &apos; extremely regrettable &apos; and Thanh gave himself on 31 July . it is in Vietnam for the police to Vietnam .
the Vietnam must always be important and it wants to develop strategic relations with Germany &apos; , he said in his detail .
Thanh , 51 , disappeared in July last year , when it was initially charged with unfair management in the case of the initial dishonest management of a national oil and gas camp . in the face of the subsidiary , which caused the losses of around 150 million US dollar .
the Vietnamese police were issued by the Vietnamese police .
in March , the police launched an investigation to examine the role of the police in connection with its alleged participation in the property supply project .
Thanh was the Chairman of the PetroVietnam Construction , Joint Stock &apos;s chairman until 2013 , when he was in place . there has been mention of several senior positions in the government , including Hau , the Vice-Chair of Hau , the Deputy leader of Hau , Giusta .
he was elected in the National Assembly of 2016 , but it was released from a legislative body before this first sitting .
he was also thrown out of the Communist Party .
the Ambassador in Germany was invited to the Foreign Ministry of Foreign Affairs and he was announced that Germany was calling for the return of Thanh , so that the procedures for asylum and extradition procedures it could be implemented properly .
the results of the investigation show that the seeds of the seeds are also circulating .
if you have smell and mammals are also spreading .
these insects are known mainly as someone who helps the forest to be dismantled as part of the forest .
however , it will also help the seeds , but also the seeds .
Japan &apos;s scientists found that the carrots have an important role to play in the distribution of the seeds of humanity in the distribution of seeds .
this is an extraordinary plant .
it does not contain a cpermit , which is why it is not capable of photosynthesis .
instead , the species will receive its nutrient engineers .
in writing . - ( FR ) In other words , we are poisoning with low flavourings .
in Vilries , there is a very little amount of taste or missing , and Japan &apos;s science found that the poultry and mammals are not a source of food for them . as a matter of interest .
only a handful of the spineless consumption consumption and forest carrot Blattella was was the only species that regularly flow to fruits . that is the case .
the investigators inspected by the carrots in order to determine whether these insects will help to spread seeds .
scientists have found that , on the one hand , there was an average of three points .
further tests have confirmed that most of the seed seeds was viable .
scientists are assumed that this unique plant of plant is likely to have learnt from the evolution in the evolution process .
we are in the vanguard of the ground and they will be ready at the same time as the carrots are coming out .
the investigators have published their findings this week in Botanica , the Linnean Soghety .
&apos;taking into account that there have been some 4600 carprinters , the seeds of seeds can be much more widespread and far from the carrot . just a &apos; undocumented mechanism &apos; , not just a single plant of fixed florry , said by the press release in Naoto Subreura , said in press release to Naoto Subreura . the complicity of the University of Catmioto University .
&apos;What is expected to be dissured by households encouraging people to pay more attention to the relations between plant and carrors and look for even more examples of how printed . the hundreds of seeds will be disseminated &apos; .
the Flyman presented an amended information disclosure report , which shows additional payments
Mr Flyso-called , who served a short time as President of the national security adviser , a report on the disclosure of the public financial information on Thursday , a report on the disclosure of financial information on Thursday . there are new details on the Flynn agreements on the Glynn agreements in the transfer of a presidential office , the II-Aerics . a good card campaign for a system of data science for the company &apos;s parent company .
in a letter sent information to information , Flyman said that her initial information on disclosure reports were presented in a period of radiated circumstances , without Mr Maand lawyers . and the usual consultation and review of the government &apos;s Ethics Agency .
according to the letter , Flyterinary &apos; did not receive the attention given at the time in the White House .
Flycalled &apos; gave up his office in just 24 days after taking office , he had given the Vice-President Pence , the Vice-President Pence has given its misleading information to the Vice-President Pence . post-post-post-Community links in the United States .
Flyso-called &apos; also received criticism from external payments , which were made in the private sector during the period of working in the private sector following 2014 .
in information published to researchers by the House of Representatives , the &apos; Flyman &apos; declared that around 68 000 dollars in 2015 . that is the case .
in addition to the income relating to Russia , the information that Flyment has now received at least 5 000 dollars for consultancy in the Middle East in the Middle East . that is the case .
the work of Flynn &apos;s work on the project has already been made public , but it was not known that he was paid for that .
the renewed information also confirms that Flyment had agreed to cooperate with the SCL Groupi - Cambridge Analytin . Sa British parent carrier - perhaps Donald into a bottle campaign for data science .
Cambridge is one of the main donors in Cambridge is one of the main contributors of hedge funds . is it a conservative financial sponsor .
Washington announced in February that the Flyyman SCL Group adviser .
according to those who know his role , the aim of Flynn was to help the SCL-i American subsidiaries .
at the same time , the SCL , the head of the &apos; Clean Public Process of Flynn , a national office of the head of the Head of Government of the FP .
the Flyman did not receive any compensation from SCLs and did not do the real job .
the new information came to the public that Flyman received a trump in the presidential office of around 28 000 dollars .
the largest source of publicity is USD 140 000 for the work of the Flynn , who is the largest source of publicity . and this company is led by the Nasser Kazeminy , born in Iran and in the United States of America .
the press report on Thursday on Thursday night the statement by the NJK on Thursday on Thursday night , according to which &apos; made the Holdings of Flyman-NJK Holding . investment in the securities investments &apos; .
NJK is funded by the GreenZSystemi , the Vice-Chairman of Fly&apos; .
Mr GreenZone is headed by Mr Kian , Flyn &apos;s business partner in Flyn-Inthel , a company that is in the business partner . at the moment , due to its role , in the name of a company operating in the Netherlands , which is linked to the Turkish Government .
in the past Thursday , Ecustomyes E. Class ( Md ) , a leading democrat to the supervision and government reform of the House of Representatives and the government reform committee , to present Kian . information on Flynn &apos;s foreign commercial contacts and travel .
in the previous security check in Flynn , Kian , said that he had a number of foreign business contact .
according to the CUMIN says nothing about these contacts .
according to a situation familiar with the situation , Flyman went through security control at the time .
