is there finally a solution to avoid dirty rootype speeches ?
for Mr Rizzo , answering a telephone number is often a waste of time .
his Sffee Citley Pizza , located in New York , depends on the fact that customers are generous and outsourcing chickens and cartuions .
however , for a large part of the time , it is an automatic message that is trying to push fraud through .
&apos;This is about to get to the point that it does not allow other charters to get us &apos; , a 24-year-old base owner said .
aid is on the way , albeit slowly .
over the past year , government incentives for mobile telephony have been added to new tools to prevent unwanted &apos; rosé &apos; .
Federal Commonwealth Compansime has proposed allowing telephone companies to block more spam speeches and hopes to contain petitions with high fines .
according to experts , these steps are not the final solution , but they are a good start .
federalist and non-phone censuses should protect people from unwanted speeches from remote distributors .
however , the fraudsters are not interested in breaking the law .
fraudsters reach people cheaply and easily , using &apos; automatic voters &apos; , which automatically makes a lot of speeches .
it is estimated that the Americans receive tens of millions of Roma speeches a day .
not all of them are , of course , fraudulent .
pharmacies send , for example , automated messages on compliance with prescriptions .
however , all too often , the situation is as follows : you owe money to the tax authorities ; Microsoft is making it possible for you to do your computer in order ; you are offered free kruins !
furthermore , dirty developers are using complex technology , which shows a local or important figure as a telephone tactic , such as the tax authority .
the implementation of measures for &apos; fetter &apos; would aggravate fraud and help to save consumers in the United States millions of dollars , as stated in the Group of the Public Prosecutor Prosecutor Prosecutor Project .
telephone companies and independent applications are able to walk or block unwanted speeches , compared with the database of problematic figures known and analysing dubious behaviour , such as the number that calls many people in non-generous lists .
leading service providers also have a toolkit , adding warnings to incoming speeches such as &apos; figutic sham fraud &apos; , but they are not available to all telephone calls and many clients with a &apos; paid card &apos; .
they can be commissioned from Verzoni and Sprinkness for the extra fee .
some AndroD phones , including Google Pixel , are fighting spam speeches free of charge .
the Multi-media manufacturer , Jen Vehert ( 39 ) Florida , said that his AT &amp; T would mark and block certain pathogens in his mobile phone , but he has abandoned his name in terms of telephone mines .
&apos;I very rarely accept the figures , which I do not know &apos; , said in Warsaw .
applications such as Youground and Nomorobi provide free of charge to domestic phones , but with restrictions on mitigation .
in the case of YouMail , an operator must allow the &apos; conditional speeches &apos; , which will guide the speeches further if the line is not answered or occupied .
Nomorobo is not available for all telephone providers and does not work with parents , vacancies .
it is possible to buy drafts , some of which are quite sophisticated , which block speeches in domestic phones .
Veralzis is also a test of suspicious speeches in the number of domestic telephone numbers .
telephone companies are already able to block certain speeches that are fraudulent .
Fc has proposed rules for the formalisation of such practice and for allowing the other speeches suspected of fraud to be blocked .
this means that Vspecial z can block a tax exemption figure that takes up speeches for remuneration , but never will ever begin at all .
it would also be possible for operators to block speeches where they know that they are not legitimate , for example , the numbers of 911 directory numbers .
these rules need to be fine-tuned .
Maureme Mahoney , the asypant of public order in the Union of non-profit consumers , said that these developments are &apos; hopeful &apos; , but do not protect consumers from all unwanted speeches .
first of all , non-generous lists do not apply to certain types of scholarships , such as creditors and political campaigns .
furthermore , fc rules , according to Mahhony , only cover fake numbers .
all rootyspeeches are not intended to be fobbed .
the consumer Union wants telephone companies to make the tools for blocking speeches available to all consumers free of charge .
in the long term , fc is in favour of the industry &apos;s efforts to confirm that it is really the &apos; Shelter &apos; who claims to be .
perhaps one day it will be possible to see a smart phone from the green poultry vehicle , when the heel is legitimate .
the lobby of the mobile phone , U.S. Telecom , says that it can be used for several years , but it would be a powerful tool against rozers .
Fc is also looking for ways to stop following the typical speeches to consumers who exchange the number .
if you register yourselves now in a non-generous list , but to obtain a new figure later on , you may not be marketed , and this may be construed by the new line .
&apos;Robothyelers do not go anywhere &apos; , said &apos; Aaris Fars Nomoroboo , a service designed to block calls for mobile and domestic phones .
&apos;they are criminal and find a new way of bypassing any system .
however , it is our job to make this as difficult as possible for them .
there are several logical measures that consumers should implement .
do not answer the phone if you do not know the numbers .
yes , it is not practical , unfortunately , for company calls , such as Sport City .
stop unwanted speeches .
do not speak against and do not press any button .
if you are in contact with them , they can mention you as someone who reacts and bury you with more speeches .
if possible , the number will be blocked for the speech .
use the applications to block the speeches .
if you have concerns about privacy , check the rules on implementation to see whether it shares your speech or contact with distributors .
do not present personal data to those who call them , such as the bank account or the number of social security .
the Nordea and DNB will become a reality at the end of the year .
the accession of the &apos; DB &apos; and Nordea &apos; financial group &apos; , which is the name of the Baltic units , will only be realised in the last quarter of this year .
the opening up of the common legal body has been delayed .
following the publication of accession plans in the summer of the soil , the banks indicated that the completion of the deal could remain in the second quarter .
in April , however , the DNB communication manager said that it would be blocked in the third quarter .
indeed , the Swedish financial inspectorate , Luminori , gave additional guidance to meet the regional importance of the Bank .
Russian railways are exploring the possibility of launching the Exchequer of St Kalining-Berlin .
Russian railways explore the possibility of launching the Berlin-St Petersburg railway line via Kaliningrad , the director of the Kaliningrad railway , Viktor Golzin Interpazine .
the registration of travel is an expression of the fact that , from an economic point of view , it is hardly possible to put the train of Kaliningradi-Berlin trains once again .
and we are offering a second route - Mr Kalining-St Petersburg .
the technical possibilities for this are in terms of both infrastructure and water management , Mr Golomolzin , who said .
a further point was made by Golomolzin that there are already Russian trains , which can exchange the kidnapping and continue with the kidnapping of Europe .
Golomolzin considers that this is the way forward , because today , the inhabitants of St Petersburg and the whole of Russia , have to travel to Germany via Moscow and Brestauri .
as a possible option , Latvia will be discussed through the route , a press representative in Ramos Ozola , who says that there is no concrete decision at the moment , confirmed to Latvia &apos;s railways ( Latviv Dzelzkurov ) .
Latvia &apos;s railways , together with partners , including Russian railways , are seeking to increase competitiveness in passenger service operations so that rail transport can compete with road transport .
the Chinese company , which came into exile in Estonia , immediately received EUR 100 million in turnover .
in the Chinese state , the sale of agricultural produce and the Agrid , which started only last year , achieved nearly EUR 100 million .
the profits were made at about EUR 2 million , and they are writing a day of business .
in its annual report on the financial year 2008 , it appears that the value of sales of agricultural produce and wholesale Agritera OCIS amounted to EUR 100.6 million in 2016 .
EUR 1.91 million was made available .
earlier a year , there was no economic activity in the enterprise .
on average , 3 people were employed in the company , and in 2015 , there were no employees .
the turnover for a worker amounted to EUR 33.6 million , an average gross salary of EUR 316 per month .
we already have a four-day working week , but not as we are waiting for .
open office .Foto : Schacanx , Bank Media / Waverek Ltd Ltd .
many Estonians already have a working week , which is not known as their own .
however , it is not as they would be waiting for that that it will be written off day .
it has been created by modern planning of working spaces , or by an open office .
in the Seconta Bureau , it takes a handbook of good governance , Harard Review , for nearly 1.5 hours a day , or almost a day of working day .
however , when four working days and three rest days are considered in the week of four days of work , such a forced solution is worse than that .
for 1.5 hours of work , with family and hobibby or clean recovery , focusing on problems , disrupting work , growing irritation and anxiety and loss of job will have been put on the table .
how to finance the vehicles of the enterprise ?
in the consumption society , the financial possibilities for expanded vehicles have changed , with more and more companies being used to full services , or even more mandatory , long-term authors .
the culmination and renation of a vehicle are two clearly different financial transactions , which cover different obligations and expectations , but which are often confusing .
in the case of the multinational author &apos;s company , Estonia &apos;s sales and marketing manager , Villi Tshould , is estimated to see that businesses are moving more and more in the direction of full services , as well as more and more use in the long term .
it pointed out the main issues to which , when seeking answers , it is possible to choose the appropriate method of using a vehicle .
how long are you using vehicles ?
the greatest difference in car renticking and leisure is the time for use .
&apos;Lifelong Learning is worth favouring the need for longer time vehicles , when a business has a plan to introduce commercial vehicles for a longer period &apos; , explained Terk by adding that it would be worth deciding for a vehicle to have a long-distance service . it is in favour of using vehicles as a service , or a car on a daily basis , but leaving maintenance obligations to a service provider and renouncing ownership .
&apos;Rrental car has a much shorter period of operation , but many of the largest car rental companies also provide a long-term author , where car rental is carried out without complex contracts and free rebates , the Trenau .
who will become a vehicle owner ?
the owner of the rental car will be the end of the publication .
with the end of the Exchange regime , it will be possible to continue with a liistance on the same or better terms , by sending the same new vehicle , which responds to the needs of the company in the war , emphasising that it is becoming more and more mobile in consumer society . the average consumption of services , then having a vehicle , is an additional obligation for business .
furthermore , in the case of full services , there is a chance to buy a car on the basis of a desire and agreed terms .
however , the possibility of renunciation is not and will only be paid for the period of use .
car limbing generally takes place in the representations of car companies and the rental of car rental companies .
the representations of the car companies do , in particular , deal with the sale of vehicles , but also offer the possibility of lignite and , in some cases , the author .
however , railway companies have cars with the sole aim of renouncing them .
in the war , the reasons for the use of renticulage services are different - many companies renounce commercial vehicles , in addition , it is convenient to use the service in communications or holiday , or if their own car is in an improvement .
in the case of commercial vehicles , there is a growing transfer of full services , offering customers transparency in costs , time savings in the purchasing , use and recovery processes of vehicles , and a greater degree of comfort , presentation of a growing driver of sales and marketing .
every year , more and more companies use full service facilities for their car fleet , thereby optimising their costs and focusing on their main business .
what is the coverage of a service insurance ?
if there is a mandatory tug and traffic insurance for a car , the rental car is mostly covered by basic insurance , and it is also important to decide whether , for example , emergency insurance , early insurance or full insurance should be treated . with liistance , the customer receives more than the same monthly payment , since , in addition to vehicles and insurance , the regular maintenance care of cars is also covered , 24 days &apos; aid , tyres and other services agreed &apos; .
&apos;if any new vehicle can be taken , in the case of a full service club , it will help the service provider to choose the company &apos;s wishes and needs , which will also take into account the functions of using it &apos; , emphasising that it will certainly help to optimise full service companies . expenditure on doctors .
however , the choice of &apos; leisure vehicles depends on the improvement of service and rental cars - different leisure companies provide both small and economical vehicles in their fleet for urban mobility and also lucitive commercial trials .
in a dense renticulation period , it can , of course , be the case that the desired car has already been renounced , but it will help the early bookings of the vehicle that it wants to make .
when we choose between mobility or rental , it should be made clear first of all that we want to use vehicles for a long time and what long-term plans are for cars .
it is certainly worth examining carefully the different conditions and obligations of services .
how one man built his daughter with USD 51 million on the matter .
a living father in television found that there was no magic para where his disabled daughter could play .
so he himself decided to build one .
Gordon HARTAN had just come out of a family holiday , when his 12-year-old daughter Mbody came to other children playing water .
he tried to brute with them , but they quickly left the basin .
HARTARTAN believes that they do not know how to treat disabled persons - the Morgani body has a cognitive vision and also a form of a kind of autism .
this incident was stranded by her .
&apos;Morganiser is a young girl who is malignant .
a meeting with him always brings a laughing on the fence and he certainly wants to hug .
however , there have been many times when we have not been able to bring him into different places , he says .
HARTARTAN and her husband Maggie asked other parents where they could lead their daughter - something where he would feel comfortable and others would feel well with him .
&apos;We came to the conclusion that there is no such inclusive , HARTMAN .
thus , in 2007 , he decided to build it .
the former property developmental company sold off its home construction companies back in 2005 to build a Thomas HARTMAN Familmany Foundation - a non-profit unit that helps disabled people .
he then started the creation of the &apos; world &apos;s first highly accessible dossier &apos; .
&apos;We wanted to set up a topic where everyone can do everything in which both people with special needs and without special needs can play &apos; , says HARTMAN .
he called on doctors , steel , parents and other people with disabilities and disabilities to consult on installations .
they were erected in San Antonios Texas , who was abandoned to 10 hectares .
a park called Mehs Wonderland cost USD 34 million ( GBP 26 million ) and was opened in 2010 .
the batteries include a fully accessible look at , a goose and a minareg .
visitors often say to Hartmani that it was only for the first time that they were able to experience such acts .
there is also a cartel with specialised translators of wheels , which move on to animals .
HARTARTAN states , however , that the Morgan was afraid of war at the beginning .
&apos;If we opened , he did not dare to go to it .
he did not understand why this is happening , and why animals are moving and heading &apos; , HARTMAN says .
it took three years before the Morgan was willing to go to the carpet .
&apos;initially he was just close to it , he was a man of nature , but we did not launch a war .
it was a slow process , but now he love to drive it .
getting across to something that frightened him meant a great deal for him .
the small things achieved by playing a huge difference &apos; .
since its opening , Mars Wonderland has visited more than a million people from 67 countries and 50 American countries .
a third of staff are disabled , and entry is free of charge for everyone who has some sickness status .
&apos;I understood that the Morgan was one of the happy ones , because it has many of the things that it needs .
I did not want the price to be an obstacle to other people with special needs , which HARTMAN says .
&apos;Pope every year , knowing that we are losing at least one million dollars ( 750 000 pounds ) , and we need to reserve it with the help of corners and partners &apos; .
this year , the Mbody , the Speaker of the matter , was extended to the opening of Iceland , which is to be fully accessible .
&apos;You visited fewer people in July because the wheelchairs changed to too many months .
thus , we decided to set the water board &apos; , speaks of HARTMAN .
in some parts of the island , gender and water has been used to help visitors to the problems of meat .
there are watertight mobile wheels , which work with the air and not with batteries .
it is possible to drive boats on the river as well .
water cost a total of USD 17 million ( GBP 13 million ) .
&apos;During yesterday , one man , Inspiral , has come to me in Iceland , and I simply kept out of my hands &apos; , HARTMAN .
&apos;he referred to his son , who has serious needs and started to catch up .
he said he had not been able to play his son before &apos; .
according to Hartman , three of all four visitors do not have a disability , and this is exactly what he hoped to have .
&apos;This helps people to understand that , although we are different in certain ways , we are actually exactly the same &apos; , he says .
&apos;I saw how a wheelchair girl went to another girl without special needs , and they started to play together .
it was really crazy .
Mr Hartmani does not intend to open any more parks , even though he has received hundreds of letters by posta and meal from people who would also like to be in his neighbour .
instead , he focuses on enabling young people with special needs in San Antonios to have educational facilities .
&apos;I know that there are many different organisations trying to build something like Mali elsewhere , and we will continue to cooperate with them &apos; .
he will continue to play a role in this dossier - the Morgan is now a kind of tactic .
&apos;If he comes here , he is like a rochstaar !
many people want to talk to him and to do a picture with him , he is doing it well , says HARTMAN .
the Morgan , which is now 26 years old , is getting better and better .
&apos;he is now speaking more , and most of his physical problems have been solved by a large number of operations .
we are so proud that he has come so far &apos; .
when Mbody is visiting , he likes to play the most in the fibre and sand fields , without any idea of how much he has helped others .
&apos;Morgan knows that the park has become according to his name , but I do not believe that he understands what it actually represents and how it has changed lives &apos; , says HARTMAN .
&apos;he does not understand that what he has done in life has made him a true source of inspiration &apos; .
the call for motorists to find a girl with two rapes in Witton .
the police are trying to find two drivers when investigating the rape of a 14-year-old girl .
on 26 July in the Witton region , a teenagton attack was attacked : 1 600 ( BST ) .
before that attack , he was raped at the Witton plant .
in the case of the first case , an accusation has been made to one man .
the British Transport police want to speak as part of the investigation with two motorists .
according to the police , the first car to be recruited .
the Digital inspector , Tony Fitzsink , said &apos; we have grounds to believe that the head of the vehicle spoke with the victims at the station before the other person was repeating and then raped in the car .
we want to know what was said during this conversation ; in addition , the driver could find important details to help us in the investigation &apos; .
the driver of another vehicle , which was described as red VW Sharan , was probably home by the police , after he had been raped for a second time .
Genie Genie was appointed to a year &apos;s caste .
the rescued coffers , who used to support their owner for cancer treatment , were described as a year of the country &apos;s coffers .
Genie is recognised because he loved his owner , Evie Henderson ( 11 ) , during the six-chemical Alliance .
Evie is diagnosed with a potent cancer in March 2016 and Genie company , according to his own , helped him to deal with several painful operations and long periods of time spent in hospital .
the caste was recognised by a charity organisation , Catechester , at the ceremony in London .
the pillorium : according to Evie , he used to support him when he lost his long brothers because of chemical weapons .
&apos;I think he is the best .
it deserves it .
he has always been &apos; for me , said Evie .
&apos;he came to my stone and walk alongside my feet .
he then hared the stone and the anthem in order to sink me on his knees .
when I was too sick to be able to come to my friends or to get out , and I had to sit at home , he came to me and it made me much more happy by offering a great deal of consolation .
according to Evie , he has a special connection with his pets , which was a huge source of support for him when he lost his Jews as a result of the lamb treatment .
&apos;This brought me to a great extent , as I had long brothers .
however , as the matter was running , the Genie was so shameless and the fact that I lost my Jewish and Genie &apos;s own , a little bit of this shock &apos; .
Mrs Chastel , Mr Henderson , said that the cow has been &apos; excellent attention &apos; and described how Evie Evie was able to look at his loved pedeostrian during the hospital .
&apos;Evie was in hospital for more than 300 days , so we spent a lot of time there , and it offered something to her to wait for some of the valuable days to get home &apos; .
11-year-old war : &apos; I dared her every day , when I was ill , and my family said that he dares me .
he is my best friend and I really do not know what I would do without doing .
the business group urges the government to agree on the transitional conditions of Brexold .
one of the largest groups of commercial lobbyists in Britain urges the government to stop tank around the periphery of Brext .
in Directorta , the AIIID called on the government to propose a &apos; transitional agreement &apos; in order to make progress with Brexis a smoother .
it wants the government to create a &apos; Brext gap &apos; between leaving the EU and setting up new trade agreements .
the group warned that without such an agreement there would be &apos; short-term chaotic volatility &apos; in commercial activities .
they criticised the government for &apos; transition &apos; in all kinds of speculative disputes for &apos; inclusive &apos; .
in recent weeks , members of the government have presented conflicting views on how long the transitional period will last and what it will bring .
in the IVD report , &apos; bridge the gap - options for a transition &apos; , it says : &apos; instead of doing it by far , the government must bring about a strategic debate on this matter .
this could minimise the ever-increasing confusion and uncertainty in this area .
Mr Lyon , an economist and group for the Economyman Breyer , described this week the concern about &apos; expensive fluctuating &apos; , as the &apos; Brepot of &apos; panels &apos; , reminiscent of &apos; paniards &apos; . there is a mistake over the millennium .
Mr Hammatsler warned in June : &apos; there is a large number of commercial investments that will be postponed until businesses see more clearly what the likely result of these debates is &apos; .
Mrs Renisisn , the head of Mr ID and trade policy , said : &apos; Kantslel is entitled to worry about the delay in commercial investments .
this is one of the most frequent changes to be dealt with in relation to the Brexis , in addition to the transfers of services to the EU .
the latter applies especially to members of Northern Ireland , who are currently considering joint location or relocation .
Mr ID offers a number of possibilities , including the following : the extension of the Article 50 agreement from March 2019 to 2019 .
accession to the European Economic Area
acceptance of EU legislation will remain within the remit of the rule of law .
the creation of a transitional customs agreement , in the same way as the EU customs union .
Renisn said : &apos; IoD proposed these options in relation to the transition , hoping that it will inject an appropriate debate on how it is best to bring the Brex to the end .
prioritising the interim arrangements and thus mitigating the risks of exit from the EU means that short-term chaotic fluctuations do not reduce future opportunities &apos; .
Australians are standing at a crossroads .
professional sport is at a crossroads in Australia : some areas have travelled so far on a corporate basis that it is too commercially motivated to classify sport ;
others are returning to the world of amateur workers , which is too sporting to be a business .
this confusion is testimony to the painful delays in achieving an agreement with players , the determination of the Australibian Alliance ( Australibian ) to dissociate a team , the uprising of the Samedöröder of Affa . the formation of a functional independent committee and the uncompromising attempts by Australia &apos;s football club ( AFL ) to be a flag of social justice among the people .
the Investment Bank and the President of the Australian Committee on Sport , John Wylie , have tried to lead the Olympic sport actively on the same path with professional classics , placing businessmen in managerial positions who do not have any elite experience in the field of sport .
Mr Rio Tintot , who has the reputation of using the tactic tactic used by trade unions , was seen as a troika of problems with the Australian players &apos; Union ( ACTA ) .
the Presidency , Mr Peerer , is the former Executive Director of Rio Guusto Australia , and he asked the CARS to help the head and adviser of the PR negotiations .
it would be wrong to believe , however , that the elite businessmen , whose approach is inextricable when dealing with criminal players , do not like this sport .
Peerer , for example , was a regular visit to the home games of Sstorm until she was home to another country .
nevertheless , tough negotiations between ca and ACTA and extremely high wages have given the impression that Australian subsidiary reference now has more business than the guardial of sport .
on the contrary , however , the failure of the former head of the Nazi , the former Chief Executive of the Child , Mr Cameron , to tie up the Australian Sugby team has returned to its roots .
the people of the Ragbias Union now prefer to go to the stadium of the periphery to see the game between the amateur crews , while at the same time robbing and ari dog .
Ragbiols are that they have the most qualified and multi-faceted Bureau in Australia , but too failure to meet the requirements of international partners shows that this is still too much sport to be a business .
both the ragbias and football have problems with governance , because the stakeholders are demanding more power .
both chairmen , John Grant ARLC-and Steven Lowf , have shown that their commercial skills have not been sufficient to achieve corporate stability .
Grani , a former Kangaroo , led a successful IT business , but for 20 years it was completely out of play .
it became a value when the newly formed ARLC needed an independent Presidency .
too much stakeholders , who did not trust each other , decided that no one can participate in the work of the Commission , who has taken part in the last three years in any way , except as a passive phenomenon .
however , pensions sounded too far on the business side , and too fans have been looking for a bailout since then - someone who would have the past in sport .
Mr Lowy , the Chair of foreign investment , Mr Lowy , has a role to play from his father , Frankis , on the one hand , Australia &apos;s rich man .
the A-too clubs want to be better represented in Congress in the Bureau .
their owners are losing money , but they believe that they are as decent as Manchester Unions .
ironically , FIFA will send FIFA ambassadors to the civil war in sport .
the FLEGT has its own links with Rio Tintou , the President of the Special Representative , Mr Fitzarrick , and the former Commissioner , Chris Lynch , via the financial driver of extraction .
it is all too proud to take on the role of national leadership in promoting gender equality , activities related to indigenous and refugee activities and rights .
some deportations could suggest that this is done by government aid money in the Bible .
Mr Goyder , President-in-Office of the AFLEGT , said when he was here : &apos; AFL is more than business , given how it assists all these communities &apos; .
Goyder will soon be the outgoing executive director of Wesfarmer , and the first President of AFLEGT , who has not played the game at the elite level .
the former President of Wesfarmer , Box Every , is a real Crick in the Austrong Board .
the identification of members of professional sports management boards is often a benchmark for independence in the face of competence .
in the rush to recruit the people of business , they have forgotten something that could be called for in the name of incitement and a fibre against sport .
what is more , many of the corporate heavyweights are not used to intensive and sometimes critical monitoring of the media .
something that works in a corporate world may not be transferred to sport .
the Court of Jordan enforced three US military sentences for the killing of a life sentence .
the ruling court of the Jordan military appeal determined the Israeli soldier last year by three military personnel from the United States of America for habitual punishment of life .
last month , the tribunal , Markersant al-Tuwayha , appointed to an airport base in southern Jordan with hard work to kill the Americans for their lifetime .
al-Qaeda opened the Americans &apos; carte at fire by claiming that he was afraid of the attack on the base .
however , the safety camera published after the decision showed that he continued to shoot , even when two Americans were stolen and buried with their hands to stop shooting .
Mr Akhbar , which relates to Jordan &apos;s army , stated on Thursday that a military court of appeal with five courts confirmed the sentence of al-Qaeda Tuwaywater .
Mrs Stalllone is playing a collar role in the &apos; second season of our life &apos; .
Dan Fogelman , known on Thursday as the Cristivic Associć press forum , that NBC will be present in the second popular drama and forthcoming season . Mr Stallone .
as a guardiator , a co-star in the role of Kevin Kevine ( Justin Harasy ) is taking place at the beginning of the season in the films .
&apos;Cevin has a large films and we needed a great deal of compassion &apos; , Mr Fogelman said .
at the end of the last season , Kevin paid a significant role from a similar to the film flasted by Ris Howardi .
at that time , we see how the player is participating in the project and is also fuelling relations with their own error , who is in the hands of Alexandra Breckenrie .
according to Fogelman , Stalin is playing a film , in which Kevin participates , a masgigger .
&apos;My Milo Visemigrants , who play a father of Karey in similar pictures of the past , played as coincidence as a film of 2006 &apos; Rocky Balllone &apos;s son &apos; .
Fogelman said that Ventimigrants &apos; still flourishing friendship with Stallone was probably one that helped the charger of a large star to a guardium .
&apos;We have an excellent scenario for him .
I believe that this will be a truly exciting &apos; , called Fogelman .
&apos;our life &apos; will return to technocrats on 26 September .
James Harrisis spends around USD 300 000 a year to keep his body in play .
any NFLEGT player depends on his or her own body when it comes to providing a livelihood .
therefore , many others also invest a lot of money in poor care and recovery in order to stay in the top .
Yurey Fowler &apos;s portal examined more closely how far some veterans are prepared to go to extend their career .
however , no case is so extreme as the 39-year-old James Harrisoni , for the 14th season , a defender player in Pittsburgh Steel .
according to Fowler , at the centre of Harrisis 300 000 dollars per year for consultation , for mass broadcasting , for rocket practitioners and for the contribution of gold pumps .
most of the costs relate to public travel to meet specialists .
&apos;I do not need to keep a record of these things &apos; , as Harrisis said .
&apos;If to compare the sums paid to my expenditure , payments are worth it , given how I feel &apos; .
Maril Mitchell , Hrison tral and technamentarian Steleri , estimated at USD 200 000 per annum of caring for their body .
thirty years of Mitchell has led to a relativisation ( English &apos; body &apos;s meal &apos; ) , described by Fowler as &apos; the use of 55 kilo melight &apos; .
&apos;Homing it on the ground &apos; , Mr Mitchell said , it is being robusted on you .
&apos;If you have some tense and they are beginning to move around the matter , it is sometimes painful .
but , when the rockets stand , the tension has disappeared immediately .
it is simply crying out of tension &apos; .
they are prepared to make additional efforts , but former NFL-proof players Barry Cofield and Ryan Harris spend 50 000 dollars a year on recovery .
Cofield , who played 10 season in New York , Gianu and Washington Reding rites , has expressed regret that he did not spend more .
&apos;If I could go back , I would like to invest even more &apos; , Mr Fowen said .
&apos;I would probably spend at least two times more .
I was the first eight years of my career with very good health .
the end would perhaps have been helpful for more procedures &apos; .
Ryan Shazier , a 24-year-old buffer , expressed the readiness to take the footsteps of its veterans in the footsteps of their teamles Steel crews .
&apos;If you pay USD 100 000 and earn an additional three million , this decision is quite simple &apos; , said Shazier .
as for the long-term career , investment in the recovery of players is much smarter than spending money on cars and cotton .
at the centre of NFLEGT , if he can play longer than 30 years of life , all the more so should be persuaded to persuade his colleagues to focus their spending on the other .
but perhaps they can easily find some local specialists .
how Ms Diversity used her meal as a weapon .
when I think of Ms Diary , the first thing to do is to put on the label .
in the younger age , a young girl &apos;s mother tongue .
later , a black line with his Martin Bashir , the &apos; interview &apos; of the Panorama , the effect of which was devastating when he looked on the wheels of canning , bringing the audible phrase : &apos; we were helpless in this life . it was a little bit too much .
the big and martyrs that were surrounded by his stunt , watered down the black line of the scapegoat , leaving him to get the impression .
that is what it was trying to achieve .
outside the public , however , Mrs Diary Diana was never particularly commute , at least not according to modern standards .
it was not just that he did not need it - he was , of course , beautiful - but he saw it as a typical commitment , something that is linked to work rather than to a lot .
in the public , he was able to wear a meal layer .
once she arrived at the offices of the publishers of Conde Nin , Vogue de , transferring a scapegoat , almost the Orange chemander .
he asked for an apology to say that his skin must be sounded like a sun , because if he were &apos; usually &apos; , then stunning photographs would be picked and then put all the accusations to see what he looks like &apos; missing &apos; . it is &apos; tired &apos; and &apos; tired &apos; .
it was for this reason that Mrs Diana used three times a week in an insult home , using a machine at home .
this would , of course , be a bad thing for healthy reasons , but for Diana Diana it was a useful objective - it made it possible for the world to show its sun nature , even though its internal black pictures and sudden .
one of the greatest defects of the King family was to believe that , if they approve his wife of the Charens , they will get one small cognant , with only sugar beet .
the reality was quite the opposite , however .
he may not have been the best class in school , but when it comes to the creation of an imago , he was the only fifth student in it .
for Mrs Diana , the importance of soya and of us was that they could be used to make up for the rest or hours .
otherwise , they did not offer him any interest .
his friend , Rosa Monckton , Diana Diana , was the mother of his young child , will remember that we were not something they used to talk about .
&apos;You only remember this &apos; , he said , &apos; how much relief he felt on those occasions when we went on together and he did not need to meal himself &apos; .
today , we tend to think about something that improves the image of a woman , but when you look back to the housing house , it is clear that he used this powerful PR tool .
these moments , when he felt most free of his own , were the most he himself , the moments when he was also the most natural to carry out a very few metals .
in 1993 , together with my two young boys , Thormonn Thormong i , parlogers Leapathi , stunned him and laughed on the brink of any kind of water , like any other water flash . it is a day with children .
four months after the announcement of the departure from him and the Chars , he finally came up with a throttle and a &apos; normal &apos; .
or , in recent years , in evidence of training , Jews behind set , in cyclists , may be puzzled , health and life forces stolen from every hangover of his son .
his life at the end of his life , when he started to assert his independence and his confidence grew , we saw more and more such a Diana .
he was united by Halo Trusger and walked out of Angola mines in January 1997 .
at the time , at 35-year , Jews and natural software , may almost be almost exclusively male , he probably withdrew as ever , reminding of a shameless and hopeful young girl , who grew up to 15 years . at that time , it was laughed .
Diana was just about to reach its best years .
in the early times , Diana Spenckell was the nightmare of a flastic nature .
however , it did not go long until the &apos; Pubasification &apos; began - a process that was diridden mainly with the press and the ball to make Dianne young kidneys worthy of his new status .
in part , it involved the work of Clayton Howart , of a veterinary , who was often used by Lord Snowddd on photographs .
Howard met with a fearful Dianan for the first time in the Snowdoni city of Kenya to record a formal layer for Vogue .
at that moment , at the end of the 1980s , Diana was just a blank cheque .
his most fine products came from Mr Bokudy Shopher , for example , on the Elder &apos;s horizons .
Howard used the Max Fachug cheer , Sheer Genius , at the time of Honey Touch and Max Facrod at the time of the Frod Corus .
for the secular reprizes , he gave Elizabeth Army , Rice and Timor a copy of the White Paper .
even more than that , Elizabeth Arda and the blue conspiracy were repaired by Elizabeth Army .
and we know all this , because Mr Howard created a model for him .
&apos;Diana &apos;s eyes are such an admirable colour that I wished to stress their striking sense &apos; , he wrote at a later date .
the end result , however , will not be particularly attractive for such a young girl - he will see as 18 years old , which is becoming 50 .
it is too oppressive and too much boge-brown on the horizons .
the most striking thing here , however , is the notorious bridge on the internal servanda of Disney in the blue tone .
Fanbackground to the fantasy room .
there is no wonder why Mrs Diana is looking a little unfirmly towards us .
one of the sources of migration was the fact that she never knew where the public pervades and starts with privacy .
it was the beginning of this process .
a person who is probably the most affected by Mrs extinction was Mary Greenwell , who still plays an important role in the modern world .
the Meignstinner , who is currently , among others , since Chanel , is still one of the icos in the world .
&apos;Dion was an incredibly beautiful and long ridicule &apos; , he is reminiscent .
&apos;he was just a miracle .
he was cheerred by the men .
he was sex without his or her trying to do so &apos; .
Mary met Diana Diana for the first time in 1991 , when , at the time of Vogue Kogue , the peastic Anna Harkin asked him to make a photography photography of one of the most priest photography photography graphy Patrick of the most in Dietrick of the same timesgraphy Setrick of the same jet of December . Patrick of the same timestography Patcheer &apos; .
the team was also a haven , Sam McKnigh .
it took place when Diana and Charlesi concerns were the greatest , and there was a stumbling start in the name of public support .
&apos;You did not tell us who it was , although we knew that it was someone very famous &apos; , who said Greenwell .
&apos;When we arrived , Diana Diana was just a beautiful and friendly one , and it was extremely elementary that it can be on the front of Vogue .
this clumsy picture - Diana , simple , skimmed , bow to your hands , his blue eyes , cylegs the French mandar , the Jewish festival - was broken down .
it speeded up the positive , individual and elegant .
above all , it was modern , giving forward the minimalist escapes of the early nineties and creating a strong contrasting between Diana and the King family , who had a &apos; dose horror &apos; , as the Queen mentioned later on .
&apos;Diana was very tense with her .
he simply wanted to see fresh and different &apos; , said Greenwell .
over time , he taught Dianian himself - the maniest , cheese , peasleum to raise bridges , coochch - and stressed healthy skin care for himself , encouraging him to take care of the tractor and to take care of the tractor . &apos;internal weather &apos; .
Mrs Diana has done everything moderately &apos; , says Greenwell .
it paid enough and reduced alcohol consumption , which is very important for the skin when it comes to fresh expression .
printed in Guerlain preferred the cheese cheese , Clarginers and Clinton Wild Rose shi shalseed .
however , the greatest service that Mrs Diary has done was to alize her away from blue eyes .
&apos;This just made him as much parents &apos; , he said .
instead , it used the combination of soft broglips and neutral tone , with the broghur of brown-scide , which had been intertwined , so it was a beautiful soft one .
he often used a decree at the time and a bit of solar therapy to highlight Mrs Diana &apos;s healthy stunt .
&apos;Dion used to call me and to invite me to discuss the products that I very much liked to do &apos; , Mr Grewell told me .
&apos;I think it was a relaxation for him ; the possibility of taking a couple of moments for himself &apos; .
his dilemma was the luxury trademark in Clarkins .
Mrs Diana was alleged to have used the daylight and night crew for these sensitive skins and their Alpine plants to cleaning milk and tone .
he also visited Celderman in Central London on a regular basis in the face of exhibition .
Dianon was a beautiful mammare , but sometimes he was a rom , a moderate chemistry , which is often caused by stress .
to mitigate this , it used natural monies , including cocktail oil .
&apos;Dion had a wonderful luxury structure &apos; , said Grewell .
the only part of his appearance , for which he was not very self-assured , was his nightmare .
Mrs Harkin is reminiscent : &apos; once the newspapers wrote that he had travelled to Ninga &apos;s licence operation , he turned to me and said , &apos; honestly , if I had allowed my niche to kid , if I had let you know . then you have chosen it ? &apos;
when Mrs Greenwelli and Mrs McKnigh &apos;s advice began to be closed , Mrs Diana felt more and more self-confident about her new expression .
one of his most susceptible reactions to the general public - in the Spentine Serpense in 1994 , in which he gave the famous &apos; retaliation &apos; , expelling , expelling with the oppressors of the expansioner . one of them - shows that he started to be a signalling year for his life .
with short and more deserted rumours , Diana is sex and dynamic at the same time , her short soyeng in a very challenging contrast with a very provocative black hole .
his meal is perfect - it is attractive but , at the same time , humble , to emphasise the sense of his eyes .
without fear of jumps , especially red ones , he made a dog of hot potatoes , quite probably Rvld , which then became a trademark in some respects .
a few months later , he avoided his elegant drowning of a red manure fund in the Kingdom of Justice College .
the carrot was a source of health and self-assurance .
finally , he also has full control .
in the days and in his form , he will pass on exactly what he would like to see : there is a woman who seems to have finally found his place in life , and who , after all , has become 36 .
it is a real pity that he failed to prove it to himself .
IAAF warns that petitions are closely monitored by the London World Cup .
on Friday , the Kergospel World Cup is launched in London , and sportsmen are more in the light of the doping channels than ever before .
these World Championships are the first to be elected by a new body , Athletin intin Unit ( AIU ) , which also monitors corruption , gambling and counterfeiting of results .
&apos;I. it is not possible to rule out that human creation does not allow such things to happen .
we can say , however , that we have the best practice and the best anti-doping programme , which can be on the basis of information and data collection , and we will see the outcome after the event , David Howman of AIU .
the AIU has allowed 19 sportsmen of athletes to compete as neutral athletes .
it is probably a federalist crime , according to former prosecutors .
anyone who picked up the transcries of telephone calls between the Design and the leaders of foreign countries probably committed a crime , claimed the former prosecutors on Thursday , when the law-makers asked to identify the guilt .
&apos;The unauthorised disclosure of these documents to the press is a crime &apos; , the former Columbia prosecutor , Joe Genova Fox Newda .
these various acts , which include the disclosure of the signs of conversations between the President and foreign leaders and their transcriptions , are a serious threat to national security .
on the basis of the documents leaked by the Washington Post Point of the new details of the truck at the end of Thursday , the President of Mexico , Enrique PENA Nievina , and the Austrian Prime Minister , Mr Turmes .
in the first place , the head of Mexico said to end public proclamation that his government would not pay for the border wall .
according to the newspapers , transcritic notes were included , indicating that they have been classified by the head of the National Security Council .
the Post said that it was transcritic transcribes that were &apos; put together &apos; Made and workers &apos; , and which were based on the publishers of the White House and the headlines .
&apos;there is a federalist legal provision , which makes it possible to select such unauthorised information for a crime , a federal crime &apos; , the former public prosecutor of New York , Doug Burng , in a telephone interview .
although some of the details of these speeches had already come before the public in February , the publication of transcriptions marks a much greater blow to the White House , who is trying to reduce the leaks .
the report was published at a time when the leading figures from the Test administration were prepared to get the public on Friday to show their commitment to eradicating classified information .
the Chief of Public Prosecutor , Mr Sespensions , the national intelligence director Dan Coats , the Chief Prosecutor General Ros Rosentin , and the head of the National Intelligence and Security Centre , William Evanda of Justice , is expected to the head of the head of the head of the head of the head of the Ministry of the Ministry of the head of the public opinion of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of Justice Office I will keep it up .
it is not clear whether the Ministry of Justice will investigate the Title Poie .
in order for anyone to be called to account for this , according to Burns , &apos; firm elements need to be clearly demonstrated &apos; .
he said that &apos; there could be some stunts on this subject , referring to the study of the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and not to make an accusation .
these considerations include the marking and history of the document and its accurate classification .
in the event of secrecy , the prosecutors will investigate whether the document was leaked to an unauthorised person in a way that has a negative impact on the interests of the United States .
&apos;When all this can be proven , people can undoubtedly be criminally defenceless in a situation &apos; , Burns said .
&apos;There is no doubt about &apos; .
when it comes to the transcription of the telephone calls , Mr Genova , said that such documents were classified as &apos; usually classified as &apos; and &apos; more &apos; .
by saying that these leaks threaten the ability of the United States Government to conduct foreign policy , the UGenova Chief Prosecutor made an appeal to convene a federalist criminal body for the men to find leans .
he also said that , in order to obtain telephone calls from the Civiton Postars and editors , a judicial arrangement should be put forward - something that the reporters would undoubtedly protest against .
Mr Lee , Senator of UTAH , said on Thursday , that there should be criminal proceedings in the case of leaked information .
&apos;You must find a person who leaked them - he must be punished and , in addition , he must be unleashed &apos; , said in the Stx Newa HQ .
&apos;This is unacceptable and this should never happen &apos; .
Lee , who worked as a lawyer , before he was elected in the Senate in 2010 , said that this is a &apos; crime , a very serious federal crime &apos; .
&apos;That is not and should be accompanied not only by dismissal , but also by criminal proceedings , given that classified information is involved &apos; , in war .
Fox Newi said that , at this stage , a record of the Ministry of Justice could give a more picture of what the Ministry of Justice hopes to achieve , rather than explain certain procedures .
last week , President Sespoural and elected his hatred publicly to the Chief Prosecutor , claiming that the latter has not made sufficient efforts to find leaps .
&apos;I want the Chief Prosecutor to be much more rigorous in the form of what comes from the security agencies &apos; , to say the truth about 25 July in rosy .
Mr Sessions himself acknowledged last week that he was not satisfied with the efforts made to investigate the leaps that he had repeatedly imposed on the President since his invaguess .
&apos;I have not been satisfied with earlier proceedings and investigations of criminal offences &apos; , said seisons .
even some people who are critical of the President have spoken out against the scenes , saying that this behaviour is detrimental to foreign policy efforts .
the sinking of the speech between the President and the leader of the foreign country is outrageous , shocking and dangerous &apos; , was written by David frum on Thursday .
&apos;It is extremely important for the President to be able to communicate in a confidential manner - and perhaps even more important - that foreign leaders realise that they are able to answer confidentially &apos; .
Senator , Mark Warner ( D-Va ) , the leading democrat of the Senate Security Committee , said to Mrs Daily Bevanda that it is &apos; absolutely &apos; worrying &apos; and Congress should look at this .
the navy of the United States of America &apos;s navy was told to remove a hand from the post to the American flag in the surroundings .
in the midst of the dispute between the US veterans and the Federation of Florida , the American flag is covered by the post .
Mr John Ackerert of the United States navy says that he received a letter from the Salair Southuth Association last week that he will be asked to remove or face the flag flag in his national flag .
he said to Mr CTV that he was not going to give up without winning and has submitted an appeal .
&apos;Ackero , to be honest about this , as a bulwark , said .
and I think that people should fight in any form with more fibre , particularly like that .
Mr Ackerert said that , according to the Union of the home owners , his post does not comply with the values of the Southwet .
the US navy , John Ackerert , said that he had to remove his post in the surroundings of the American flag .
as a result of the &apos; end of the pound season &apos; approach , we ask you to remove the post of American flag in the surroundings &apos; , to send a letter .
there may be 30 days outside , and after 15 days at the latest , there will have to be withdrawn .
he said that there have been four years out of surroundings .
it received 30 days after it moved to its house .
the messages to the Southwn-house Association could not receive an immediate answer on Thursday morning .
some Ackerert said to the WCTV that the letter was slightly harsh , and they were not particularly surprised by the actions of the Union of the domestic owners .
&apos;they do this all the time &apos; , Mr Stephen , said .
in my opinion , this is ludicrous .
why should it not be patriotic in its own country ?
Mate PATEL said : &apos; it is a veterans who serve our country .
it is just a flag with a post .
I do not think that is right .
the house belongs to him , at least that could be allowed .
the Union of shipowners states that Ackerker has 15 days to remove around , otherwise he will be fined .
he has not received an answer to his appeal .
several of the monasteries and producers of Emmiy , Neal Baer , paid USD 4.35 million for the home in Hilkuls Weskus , which is rooted in the atomic era .
Josef Van Kar , Josef Van Kar in the middle of this century , was demonised in the design of a modern scholarship in 1945 , and called it the head of Albert and Roberta Wohlsteriter .
the 55-square metre meal , which is located on a limited entry route , has a wide range of dogs that open up vessels , steel and internal leaps .
housing and feed supplies are evasive , muddy and teenagers that are opening a kitchen .
the main component of the house is three seamen and three old coffers .
there is also a separate armamant house of guardians , from which a vacuum is opened up to a visual calendar and to a make-up of magazine .
there is also an age buffer in a separate building and additional savings .
Albert Wohlstein was a nuclear cloud during the Cold War .
Mrs Wohlsteriter &apos;s analysis of the hurricanes before the Pel Harbori offensive was also cited by the investigation committee of 11 September .
Mr Wohlstein has accepted both the Republican and the presidents of the Democratic Republic , including Mr Füle , during the Cuban rocket crisis .
they received Ronald Reagan from 1985 to the President &apos;s Free Movement .
Baer is most well known for his work in the &apos; Kiirairabia &apos; and &apos; See &apos; , &apos; Inquiry unit of sexual crimes &apos; .
Krisy Deasy and Sara Cushane company Deasy / Penner Partner were the accomplis of Mars .
the buyer was represented by Hattie RAMIZ EZ Celler , Mr Realty .
in the agricultural museum tomorrow , heavy goods horts will be assessed .
this Saturday , on 5 August , Estonia &apos;s Day of Rashewu , will take place in the Agricultural Realseum of Estonia .
Estonia &apos;s heavy-handed horse is a cart alongside the horse and a horse of the horse , alongside the horse of the horse of the horse , one of the three Estonian horror .
the day of horse lorries will take place this year 23 times this year , and a total of 17 heavy goods wrecks from Estonia on the occasion of the year of the horse of the horse .
this day , young people are compared and assessed for heavy goods horrors , properties and mountains .
in addition , the work done by the best breeders is recognised .
more than 350 lords have been threatened by heavy goods boxes .
the retention and use of horses for the horse is also presented at the same time .
on the same day , it is possible to visit the exhibitions of the Estonian Agricultural Reseum , to look at the EV100 cereal grain and roukhchkid crop and to participate in mathematics .
it is the visitors of every age who find themselves .
there are toys for children , there is the opportunity to drive the plumber or horses , to take part in a catalogue call and to visit the Kolkum scientific theatre .
there is also an overestimate that offers priority food and hand-in-hand products .
the day of heavy goods horses in Estonia is organised jointly by the Estonian Habuse-growers , the branch of Estonian heavy horse reservoirs and the Estonian Agricultural Reference Forum .
butchers are supported by the Estonian Tulooman Association .
the Blog Archrochm work on Earth and motorways
as a gold agency , any repairing work for land for me will inevitably be overlooked now , either in the forest or in the crop .
the quality of machinery and works has improved considerably , and everything is done in a top-down period .
today , reconstruction is mainly being built on spawning sites , searching for mistakes and delays , and they are improved .
the stricter environmental requirements have been added to which attention was not paid several decades ago .
construction materials have been modernised , for example , in building trends instead of previous railway pipelines , and in order to secure degrees Pope beds , in addition to the wedding , congratulations on the geotext .
in the past , it was possible to secure droughts and trends with corners ( MP , SMEs ) and mountains .
in order to protect the environment , batteries of dwelflora , secrats , can be appealed before they can be obtained in natural oils or in rivers with other types of meteries that are supposed to be purification of water fertilisers and poisons . that is what we are doing .
the sins of new seals or vans are often planted by the woldin or are starting to grow from the seeds flying there .
Hundinires have a characteristic to filter toxic substances from water .
the cloud was appealed last year and this week at the top of the till till age , built on beet seed water for firefighting water .
and that some of the batteries do not fall into the tip , the abundance of the wrecks of the water flash .
in the surroundings , the improvement of forest routes is also a matter of concern .
the focal point of forests should be part of the wrong track , which will also be followed by additional batteries .
there will be a better statesmanship , the reconstruction of which will continue straight away from the better before , and which will soon be ready .
Ver has a private broker .
the White Paper is moving forward , and there is also a modernisation of crops and roads and an improvement in the exponential dential errors .
report : Mueller called for a total of senior men in the investigation into Russia .
Mr Street Journal announced on Thursday that the potential interlocutor of the Russian and Donald Trust Presidency had convened the body of senior men .
the cow states that the old Pole is a new and significant step forward in the investigation by the Special Prosecutor , Mr Mugabe , as regards whether the trum or his main advisers held a secret to Moscow to promote the presidential campaign in 2016 .
NBC News has previously announced that before Mugabe , the former Director of the former FBI , who is now leading this critical investigation , the public prosecutors were appointed to the Flynyni and former Punglisi campaign . Mr Manaforfort , as part of the investigation into the activities of the senior men , was used .
Mr DOWD , a personal lawyer from the President , said to Mr Newi that he was not aware that Mr Mugabe had begun the full use of senior men .
&apos;We have been in cooperation with Mr Mugabe and his team since 1 June , because we want to get to one side of the matter &apos; , he said .
in the light of the news of the &apos; federalist assembly &apos; , we have no reason to believe that President trup is under investigation &apos; .
NBC News has not approved the Journal data independently .
the full use of old men is a normal part of a complex investigation , and it is not a tool aimed solely at listening to certificates , but also at obtaining information and obtaining information from individuals or companies .
it is a powerful tool that the prosecutors can use for prosecutions and prosecutions , and it can indicate that the work of Mugabe is far from being done .
it has been denied that he or any member of his team , 2016 , held a plan with Russia for the presidential campaign .
Moscow officials have also denied the role of playing by a noble victory in November of last year .
Mr Ty Cobb said that he was not aware that Mr Mugabe had started using the new old men .
the &apos; old men assembly &apos; is usually secret &apos; , said in Cobb &apos;s statement .
the White House is in favour of everything that speed up the fair completion of his work .
the White House is fully committed to working with Mugabe .
the former Director of the FBI , Jim Comey , has said three times that the President is not under investigation , and we have no reason to believe that things have changed &apos; .
the Australia bank , Commonweg Bank , is accused of large-scale money-laundering abuses .
the Australian Government submitted its largest mortgage to Commong Bank , on Thursday , in large-scale infringement of the rules on money laundering and the financing of terrorism .
the Financial Intelligence Agency ( AUSTRAC ) made public that they have initiated a civil sentence against Commama in the Federal court against Commin , because of the &apos; serious and systematic non-compliance &apos; in the largest case in Australia and in the first to blame bank .
&apos;CommBank &apos;s behaviour in this matter has left the Australian society in defence of serious and lasting financial crime &apos; , said in the AUSTRAC trial .
in his statement , Commonweth Bank , Bank in Bank , they investigate the charges and answer , &apos; when the time is right &apos; .
Australian &apos;s largest mortgage loan received no &apos; in time or at all &apos; unknown facts &apos; concerning transactions of more than USD 77 million ( USD 61 million ) &apos; , announced the AUSTRAC .
according to the Agency , the Bank has committed 53 700 attacks on money laundering and the fight against terrorism , particularly with regard to so-called intelligent insolvency .
the last largest such type of case had previously been linked to the most popular lady of Australip , Taborp Holdden , who had only 108 alleged infringements .
Mr Taborp paid USD 45 million for fines , and this is the largest civilian punishment in Australia &apos;s corporate history .
the representative of AUTRACs has refused to comment on the possible penalty in CommBanki or whether other banks could be on the line of the agency .
the maximum penalties for money laundering and terrorist financing in the event of overstepping the law are USD 18 million for the violation of Australia .
intelligent insolvency is a specific type of bank autons that receive payments in the form of both cash and cheese and facilitate the anonymous contributions of cash .
according to AUTRACs , the use of the CommBank Intellite Offers has grown considerably since they were introduced in May 2012 .
in the six months since June 2016 , EUR 5.8 billion compared to Australia &apos;s USD 89 million in the first six months following the introduction of the Commons Bauttons .
AUSTRAC claims in judicial documents that cash was made from fake names , so that revenue for drugs is imported into the vessel .
&apos;even after the attention of CommBank was drawn to the suspected money-laundering or &apos; Floose accounts &apos; , Commpork Bank did not start monitoring its customers in order to aggravate and manage money laundering and terrorism &apos; . that is what we are doing .
in Annex AUSTRAC , the CommBank accounts were also used to &apos; stunning &apos; ; it is a form of money laundering that involves transfers between countries without actually having to cross international borders .
two influential women share their success secrets .
what does Mrs Corchaanu and Mr Laila have in common ?
at first glance , these women come from two completely different parts of the world .
New York &apos;s property buffer , Mrs Corcoran , was able to convert a loan of USD 5 billion into a property company worthy of USD 5 billion before it applied its expertise on the theatre , participating in ABBC , and Sharbours . &apos;Building investors was lucrative .
Laila Ali has visited his father in the footsteps , sending a four-fold cheese as the most successful female son before his resource-gulf , the author and the role of the speaker .
despite these unique career paths ( or perhaps because of them ) , TJ Mxx has been recruited by both women so that they can help to talk about the upbringing and the ambition of high-tech economic operators .
last year , T.J. Mx spoke to hundreds of women in shops across the country and discovered that 80 % of them felt that society had given them firm roles and expectations .
as a result , they came up with a project to help women to dismantle these barriers .
Corcoris and Mr Ben Ali know a lot about this ; they can now be at the top of their area , but the journey was not smooth for either .
Corcoran received prices at secondary school and the College mainly for Ds and had already been working in 20 jobs for the 23-year-olds .
Mr Ben Ali entered one of the most male areas , and in addition to his way , he had the challenge of trying to get his father &apos;s theft , who was overzeal .
these two knowledgeable knowledge of the difficulties .
that is why we abandoned these influential women to talk about overcoming failures , about succeeding and about trust in business and relations .
what is inspiring you to do what you are dealing with every day ?
Laila Ali : I am inspired every day by my personal goals .
I have shaped the habit of writing out what I want to achieve .
and I look at that list .
I find myself responsible .
I am , of course , inspired by my children .
my ambitions inspire me .
I wish to be a victory for everything I do in life .
I understand that achieving my objectives requires hard work , but I am ready to do so .
my confidence comes from the preparation .
so I will take a lot of time to prepare .
Mrs Corcoran : like Lailand , as I do , my self-confidence is the key to me , but I do not draw my inspiration from it .
in fact , I am inspired by the real curiosity .
what happens if I do that ?
what will not be left without me if I do not do that ?
this curiosity leads me to get on with this morning , because I cannot wait for what the day brings with it .
if I do not know the time when I walk a few days , I simply pretend to make them known .
I will then be ashamed of myself , and I will be inspired again .
talk about a few obstacles in your career , which made you even better in the long term .
Mrs Corcoran : it was the most difficult for me to find me when my business partner left me more expensive and was helpless with my secretarial .
I finished business a year later , but this year of my life - fifthly , being a wheelchair - was appalling because I had not had enough confidence to leave .
I felt exasperated , there was no inspiration at all .
but amazing things happen .
the most difficult thing is to believe in this at the moment when you are hit by setbacks .
it has taken an extremely difficult year to set up our own feet and business back to zero - this time without a partner .
Laila Ali : I would say that the most difficult time in my career was when I was involved in son , I was at the top of my career and decided to grant divorce .
I did not just dissociate my husband , but also of the then mountain and man , who taught me everything I know about hanging .
I did not believe I was able to do without it .
so I started to worry about the future of my career and I had to find time to go back and tell myself : &apos; you have all the necessary knowledge and experience .
you have all these experiences in the shop .
you will undoubtedly be able to do so &apos; .
so I have reconstituted a new team and I continued my career .
in fact , it was quite simply necessary to achieve the right state of mind , as all the rest of the country was given a boost .
I did what was needed to do , I had to face fear , and I had the courage to get rid of my husband and the icon , and to continue with my career .
when did you know that you really have succeeded ?
Laila Ali : I felt I have succeeded when I won the title of my first championship .
it was a really good feeling , because I wanted to be one of the best , to be unwinded .
I was able to achieve this goal , and I did not win the title of Championships , but on four occasions .
Mrs Corcoran : one moment when I felt I had made progress was my 1th year of action .
I was at last able to make use of it .
I served the profits of around 42 000 dollars , which I could not expect .
I went out straight away and bought a new car for both the mother and father ; they had never had a new car ; I made cars to Floride where they thought their retirement .
I felt like the Queen of England .
I felt like that .
I will keep a lot more in the coming years , but nothing has yet been able to offer the same feeling as an opportunity to give parents something back and to ravage them with surprise .
how did you manage to keep yourselves motivated during this 1-year period in order to continue working ?
Mrs Corcoran : I was never measuring my business by profit , because it was not my intention .
I just wanted to see how far I can get .
I set myself the first day the dream of becoming the King of New York .
and I saw myself as a Pope , as it were , with all my words and cheese me .
that is the small idea that I had .
therefore , when I made an effort every day , every hour , I did not really think of serving the money .
finally , I do not know the money .
but all the money that came in was immediately channelled back to business .
I do not even believe that I had a deterrent day , where I would have thought that oh , we do not earn money .
I was simply convinced that something would work .
the worst thing that could have happened would have been the abolition of the company and the reopening .
I will then have good drinks and I was happy .
I could be happy again .
therefore , I do not believe that many of the people who have made a great deal of progress have been made with money .
they have other incentives that encourage them .
and money was not one of my own .
do you have any advice on anyone who has such great dreams , but who is being held back by the financial factor ?
Mrs Corcoran : when I was going to earn a lot of money , I had the money to invest in property , but I did not have time .
I have Rajavi .
and that is why I found myself the five different partners who were not even specialists in the brokarrial , but in different neighbourhood communities throughout the city who felt through and burst their streets .
I come to them and said : &apos; you know this neighbourhood .
I find the best building .
I will give you the money and you will receive my partner &apos; .
the lesson here is that , if you have money , you are poor people to earn your money .
and , if you have talent , you could sell it to anyone who has money , and quite simply earn money .
there are two aspects here : Anne and money .
but if not both together , nothing much will happen .
in the end , I - and my partners too - have gone very well over all these years with the major investor investors , who I would never have had the courage to find people in the fight against those who like to complain .
it is always possible to obtain money when you believed that you have talent and you have a better share of your part of the world than anyone else .
we are talking about the morning routine ; what are the two or three things you are doing every morning that will help you to make progress ?
Laila Ali : I do not know about you , but I do have a lot of moments in my life when I feel overburdened , being a mother , a husband , all the roles that we play as a woman .
I have reached a point in my life where I really had to put this morning in place .
I like to rise and just to feel gratifying .
gratifying for the uprising , for their health , for their children , for their family .
I often write on this evening , which is my goals for the next day , and , if I wake up , I will look at that list again .
Medilen .
I sometimes write to a day of remembrance .
there is always a line in the pockets .
and I will always do the first thing as I do this morning , because if I do not do it then , it will remain undone .
for me , this is ultimately about priorities .
these are things that are important to me : my spiral , my focus on the universe and God area , then training and putting our health first .
thanks to this , everything seems to be other simple .
I feel able to apportion all the challenges I face in the course of the day .
Mrs Corcoran : I am looking at the importance of things .
I am working on a list of tasks , which is endless and ludicrous .
and I am in place , which is the most important thing .
what are the real priorities ?
I will try to accept the most important things that have been achieved .
what are you doing to bring yourself to the proper state of mind ?
Mrs Corcoran : I can imagine that you will fail .
it is as bizarre as it is .
I think that Isson , I will fail .
I am puzzling myself and this makes me more effort .
I can imagine anyone who is competing with me - I am by nature very cooling , because I am one in ten children and we never received enough attention from our parents .
I can be very curiosity .
and I always come too thoroughly prepared .
too much preparation strengthens my self-confidence .
Laila Ali : it is amazing that we are opposed to this .
we are two successful people , and this shows how things work in different ways for different people .
I like to imagine that I am a success .
I like to come to the end of my thoughts , which is the success .
I can imagine this in the spirit of mentality ; I actually see it happening .
I see a son , the struggle , as a winner of a night and a return to the clothing space , is marking a victory with gaming , as I have always done .
the same applies to meetings .
however , I am always very prepared ; this self-confidence is the result of the preparation , because there is a fear that I will not go well or I will not say the right things or the information they need .
this is where the preparation of the game for me lies .
however , I always come to the hallmark of the end result .
you have both been very successful in your career .
how are you going to pass on that ?
Laila Ali : I am very exciting to be part of the T.J. MXI project Maxx You , because I feel that this is an opportunity to do good .
a great many women need inspiring , encouraging them to pursue their dreams and objectives .
we all have a cheese .
it is , in fact , about entertainment and the provision of the necessary tools , around the right people , people who have been able to achieve what you are trying to achieve .
Mrs Corcoran : one thing that I think is very well done is to inspire people .
I was therefore very pleased to have been asked to work together with Maxx You .
I will try to blame the flames of individual and inspiration that we see here in the face of all these people and to give them practical advice on how to move forward .
many people are starting with the implementation of their dreams , but they tend to be mistaken in some respects .
we are therefore trying to help them to focus on their goal .
everything we teach is practical .
business planning , even as simple as the liflation speech , everything that is needed to set up a business .
what advice would you give to women who wish to make progress in male areas ?
Laila Ali : I am acting in one of the most male areas , which is the son .
to come after my father , who was a global ikob and the best of all times , was quite discouraging .
for me , the core of the matter was actually about finding this talent , courage , strength in itself .
the first thing I had to believe was that I was able to go round and succeed .
at the time , no other concerned was affected by me , and on my way there were no restrictions on what I myself had imposed on myself .
if you believe in themselves and find your passion , nobody can prevent you .
Mrs Corcoran : the journey between finding inspiration and taking my stance - &apos; New Yorg King of buildings &apos; - and overcoming the finite line is enormously long .
and in this interim phase , which is a daily tap of work , there is a great deal of talent .
in order to obtain these talents , there is no need to act with an observative acity .
I am certain that in the Laila , too , it was necessary to decide what the right people are , the right revolts , when to start , when you stop , you will have a lot of money that you can put in place , not if you are willing to work .
these are all subjective decisions .
I will try to make these efforts a little more helpful so that these women really feel : &apos; oken , I have now understood .
let me try .
here are my three priorities &apos; .
if they leave the three main priorities to make things really happen , I will go home by smiling at home this evening .
what is your dinner now ?
Laila Ali : too much troika .
magazines , books , small wages , my day .
there is probably water pumps .
Mrs Corcoran : my night lag has a small green bottom-up , because I tried to break the habit every morning to look at the telephone .
that is why I was able to do so .
it was arrogant .
but it has never worked .
and still stands there .
and my telephone is still at my dinner .
what are you going to read the book now ?
Mrs Corcoran : eight or nine times the clock of the &apos; Kuwait to win friends and influence people &apos; .
this keeps me on the right track .
I believe that this is still the best book that has been written in this area , there is no difference between what is your dreams ; dreams cannot be achieved without other people .
and it is possible to communicate in exactly the same way as in the past today .
I like to read it out at times .
this will help me to get back on track .
Laila Ali : learning at school , which is why I read the &apos; Nicfree dieus &apos; paper .
it is about cereals being eating and how they affect our body .
I am very interested in that .
what is your best advice to deal with the successes and failures ?
Mrs Corcoran : ignore wastements .
they are met by all sorts of images .
you need to remove them from your cry .
keep the bullets off .
they are throwing you off energy .
I take the reference camps as a theft .
they are coming at night , they are going through a scarce purse and they are leaving .
pessimists destroy any team in a terethnic situation more quickly than you can look at your eyes , because people who pause themselves want others to feel badly .
they are pulling the good people with themselves .
I can perfectly avoid all the negative people from the radius 50 km of the radio , because my aim is to be positive and to take everything that gives me and to resist .
so why should I want to spend a minute on these people ?
Laila Ali : there needs to be consistency .
we will start with great conviction on many occasions that we are now taking it on its radar .
we are doing that , and that is what we are doing .
but people do not follow it for long enough .
sometimes , they give up just before they reach the last village .
I therefore believe that it is necessary to keep the course on track .
if you feel passion for something , you have something to do , you have to be consistent .
and you are going to work hard , which will require success .
Mrs Corcoran : much effort must be made to ensure consistency .
do you know what is needed for this ?
that is the conclusion of things .
if you start something , it will stop .
many are the pioneers , but not particularly the end ones .
Chinese Internet censors are playing a complex game of austerity and mouse .
according to experts , there is a shift that could affect many users , from researchers to companies , that China is increasingly concerned about the influence of the Internet .
&apos;appears that restrictions are becoming increasingly intense , but , at the same time , the Internet is more powerful than ever &apos; , Ethy Parker , who has written a book on the influence of the Internet in Comray in China . and in Russia .
restrictions on the Beijing Internet are proportionate to the influence of the Internet in China .
according to the experts , China has not yet strengthened the maximum and , in many cases , the game of austerity and mouse continues .
one day after the Apple Task Force launched last week , people started to disseminate the social media in China the way in which access to these tools , which would be so easy to be even able to do so in the technicalities .
this included the registration of a person &apos;s applications to another country where the VPN-applications applications are still available .
nevertheless , Thursday shows that China wants to change the game for the benefit of the game .
many Chinese Internet service providers said on Thursday in their social media accounts , websites or meagre that Chinese security officials would test a new way to find an online address of these services , which are hosting or using illegal content .
when these are found , according to these companies , the authorities are asking for Internet service providers to be required to stop their customers from doing so .
if customers continue , service providers and Chinese officials interrupt their Community minutes .
the Ministry of Public Security did not reply to a facilitator &apos;s comment .
studies suggest that tens of millions of people in China use up to hundreds of millions of people from VPNs and other types of software in order to get away from the big fire .
although the block of foreign television broadcasts and pornography blogs out many people , these China presents only small challenges for a huge online user community .
the Chinese President , XI Jinn , has been responsible for new Internet controls over the years , but he has also highlighted technology and the Internet as critical factors for the future economic development of China .
since cyberspace has begun to play a more central role in the whole of China , government controls have developed .
it is difficult to find out the extent of the new efforts , since many users and businesses are not discussing them openly , fearing to the paralysis of the Chinese Government .
some frequent users , however , have said that it is becoming increasingly difficult to escape the restrictions .
one student who learn to spend summer holiday in the United States and laughed to China said that he was blocked by the local VPN .
he said that he took this period away from the social media of a certain kind and he left his friends a message to explain why he had needed the land .
the Chinese student at the environmental doctorate of one university said that , without Google , research has become more difficult , even though the university has found alternative printed so that students do not always need the Internet .
he is now saying that he has found a new way of bypassing the Grand Supply , without disclosing what it is about .
according to Chinese Internet observers , some of the VPNs are still working and China could do much more to intensify the restrictions .
&apos;We believe that , if the government had decided to do this , it would have suspended the use of VPN-N-L much more so now , it said the website created in 2015 , which will help Chinese users to find a representative of VPN-N-.
&apos;if the government had sent out more , it would be much more difficult for the Chinese to speak , a representative who refused to name himself because of the sensitivities of his work in China .
&apos;You probably did not do so because they have to leave people or businesses a little breathing space &apos; .
the online restrictions in China are often cyclical .
the current climate is partly due to the imminent meeting of the Chinese Communist Party , which is the 19th Congress of the party in the autumn .
five years ago , VPNN hit unforeseen interruptions at that time .
like economic policy or foreign affairs , the censorship of China is also a part of a complex and often lacking political process .
according to analysts , the government ministries are feeling pressurising ahead of Congress to show that they are effective and are able to intervene in the event of a problem .
&apos;Yes , it is certainly not the PN-Oipotap &apos; , Mr Triolo , the head of the consultant Force of Eurasia Group of the Global Technology department , said .
a more difficult environment for the navigating environment for users , and new opportunities and approaches will enable China simply to incorporate certain parts of the use of VPN-L at the select and location of Beijing , he said .
the Chinese population is learning to face up to these challenges in the past .
earlier this summer , China &apos;s Internet giant TV Tenchum started to limit the period during which younger than 18 have been allowed to play a popular web game in the West of England , enabling it to be an hour a day for those who are younger than 12 hours . there are 12 to 18 .
that is why young people in China have started to make use of a gigantic solution .
&apos;Don your &apos; honor Kings &apos; , is it going to be restricted ?
are you interested in getting a document , which shows that you are older than 18 ? &apos; asked for a recent advertising in the social media in China .
&apos;There is no problem &apos; .
please contact the cheapest document to obtain &apos; .
he was praised for obstructing global cyber attacks .
and then he was arrested .
when , for the first time in the Russian underwater forums in 2014 , the price of USD 7 000 was indicated for this that the sale of bad assets is a lucrative undertaking .
Cronos was publicised as a deterrent , capable of obtaining data , including user names and parors , PIN-OS , and personal information that is useful in breaking security issues .
Mokerboard announced on Thursday that Hutchne was held in Las Vegas Airport after week at the market conference , Black Hat and DAS , was held to a visit .
he had plans to fly back his home in Britain .
the market community responded to the arrest of its prizes with amazement and scepticism .
some warned that the requirements against Hutchinson could harm the relationship between &apos; white wheels &apos; - investigators - who are seeking to identify areas of software in order to identify and solve problems , and not to commit crimes or chaos and law enforcement bodies .
others were hesitant that Hutchne could have attacked such a software .
in July 2014 , he asked Twitteras , and no one has a Kronosuan exhibition , which is a strange request to see when he himself was an annoyed author .
although the precise details of the presence of Hutchinson &apos;s train are not clear , market investigators have often ignored legal problems when searching for vulnerable parts of the computer code .
over the past few years , large technical companies have put in place &apos; errors &apos; to formalise the process of reporting problems for researchers and compensating for their work .
there has also been a tense relationship with law enforcement agencies at the Defon Conference , with no restrictions on security experts from all over the world .
in 2002 , FBI , for example , was arrested in Las Varias hotel after having published software equipment , which , according to the authorities , could harm the security of certain types of e-books .
the Digital Rights Organisation , Elec Frontier , said in his statement that there is concern about the arrest of Hutchinger and that he is looking into the matter .
Mr Claur &apos;s assets have been infected by computers , in which the parents of Microsof Windows were working .
after spreading , software computers of software and skimmed users &apos; facilitas , charts and heretics .
when infected products were integrated into the network , other equipment available on the web could also have been infected .
those who attack them would pay hundreds of dollars of dollars , bitomet-coin .
Hutchine became a facilitator .
in the interview given to the Guardius in May , Hutchs said that he was registered with the web after he found that an unintentional software would try to establish a link with it .
in writing . - ( PT ) During the spread of domestically 10.69 dollars , he launched the so-called &apos; slaughterhouse &apos; , which halted the spread of software .
his original intention was not to stop the attack , but to monitor its spread .
Hutchne , who works in Los Angel , a cyber-security company , Krypto Logic , interviewed that he did not attend the College and has learned to write the software .
the company did not give its comments .
Hutchine tried to remain anonymous , when it comes to the media through its constant Malwatese Tech , but British taboos exposed his identity .
he was praised in the cybersecurity community for this achievement , and he became SC Awards Europe &apos;s synonymous with the industry &apos;s abusive recognition .
the truth was that the New Hampshire was named as &apos; drug addicts &apos; , thus alluding to the politicians of the State .
&apos;The President is wrong &apos; , said Hampshire , the former republic , Chris Patunu .
it is disappointing that his misconception of the epidemic ignores everything that the State has to offer .
Senator Maggie Hassan , the New Hampshire democrat , mentioned the comments &apos; tignitive &apos; and said in Twitteras that his country is no different from others that are fighting for the abuse of widespread opiates .
the Senator Jeannowen , as well as the democrat , agreed .
&apos;It is totally unacceptable that the President talks about NHS in this way &apos; , he wrote Twitteras .
this is NH and the epidemic completely misconception .
the drug addiction - the drug category , which includes heroin and fentany - is the most deadly drug epidemic in American history .
in 2016 , more people were killed than weapons or car accidents - it is estimated that 59 000 people were analysed by the New York Times - and are now the main cause of the deaths of 50-year-old Americans .
in 2015 , more than 97 million people in the United States were treated with a prescription for the abuse and mental health of substances .
it is estimated that 12 million of these people did this in a way that was not determined by the doctor .
New Hampshire has become a hard blow , and its inhabitants raised the problem repeatedly during the 2016 campaign for the presidential candidates .
in 2016 , it was estimated that there were 470 overcrowds caused by the New Hampshire , compared with 439 cases in 2015 .
in 2012 , it was 163 , according to health and service statistics from the New Hampshire .
on Thursday , Sunu unta described the idioidiotic epidemic in us as &apos; one of the worst health crises with which the State has ever faced &apos; .
he said that the government has doubled the resources devoted to prevention , treatment and recovery .
he says that a country has also spent millions of dollars on prevention programmes aimed at children , legal protection for the elimination of drug trafficking and initiatives aimed at making a more accessible layer used for treatment .
Disney &apos;s long-standing adviser , Marty Sglass , died from 8 to three years .
Sglass , who died at home on 27 July in Los Angel Hollywood in the neighbourhood , maintained business links following the retirement age in 2009 , which was driven to the 54th anniversary of the opening of Disyland .
last year , he became the only truest member of the opening of Shanghai Disney in China ( thus calling on his staff ) who have participated in opening all 12 Disney parks to the world .
and , less than two weeks before the death , he was involved in the arrival of Disney fgans on dushes , with a reminder of Disneyland .
his death was reported by Disney Comcontribution without mentioning the cause .
he was 83-year-old .
the post of Sklari newspaper Tisneykulu Newi was temporary , but he snared Disyland after U.C.LA. in 1956 to work in this advertising department .
he was soon received from Welt Disney &apos;s main shadow in the writing of advertising materials , plugnies , speeches , slogans and short films , such as a piece of correspondence that helped the company from Worgney to Dney . it is in the Central Florie that you are building and Ecofin .
he was in Wales and his brother Royi also cooperated on the annual reports of Disney .
&apos;these were rather thwarting times for a person who only had six or seven years since the end of his College , Sklar wrote in his car biography , Dreacm HIT . Century Disney Disney de Magic Kingdoms &apos; ( 2013 ) .
however , despite the fact that Mr Disney has confidence in the written works in Sklari , he appointed Sklari 1964 to the New York World Centre , where Disssoy Combany was set up and implemented .
Sklar wrote to Disney Dissink for the Magic schizophreny , where it was possible to see planned vineyards and people , which were their main group of spontaneous corporations . with a variety of varieties .
it was the beginning of a second review in the enterprise .
as leader of an increasingly important member and Imagistray , he was increasingly associated with Disney , who died a long time before the opening of Disney Workld World in 1971 and Ecofin in 1982 . that is what we are doing .
after the 50th anniversary of the lung cancer of Disney , Sglass was withdrawn from the world when he was told that the company &apos;s leading workers had not prepared a public speech , even though it was not a secret of What . dying as he writes in his car biography .
Sklar felt indignant that he had to write a statement to which Roy Disney was written , but he realised that inadequate planning was a sign that the death of Why Disney had been paralysed by company leaders .
&apos;Just , in practice , they were all entitled to death &apos; , wrote Sglass .
Martin Adrian Sklar was born in New York in New Jersey in February .
her father Leis a teacher and mother , neuynyn Fun , was in Johnson and Johnson , before the family home to Long Beachi , to Martiny , Martiny . that is what we are doing .
after midschool , he had many temporary jobs , for example , he worked in Douglen Airlines , as a residual supervisor , as well as an urgent transport of postal services .
however , in May 1955 , when his third year , U.C.LA-, came to a message from Sglass so that he would call Disney marketing and advertising leader , Cardgren , to Wales .
at that time , Sklar U..A. A. , a student who was a new head of Daily Bruin .
in Wales , he asked to come to a newspaper Titneynst Newi for the post of a creator and a professional interview .
Wales said that this dossier will soon be opened .
and it needs him .
Wales asked for an interview after 20 minutes .
however , the glass had to prove to Mr Disnen that he knows what he is doing .
&apos;I was there two weeks , and I had to present to Mr Disney the concept &apos; , he recalled on the website of Disney Abrothue .
&apos;if it had not liked to have been Wales , he would have expelled me from the door and he had asked for a professional .
fortunately , however , it enjoyed Wales .
I was 21 .
it was frightening .
I was never at a professional level &apos; .
at one point , in the form of Mr Disney , as well as some of the other people , lessons are learned at the moment &apos; Lisk 10 command &apos; , or the manifest of the Governing Board .
the commandings include , for example , the following .
the attempt to &apos; go to the shoes &apos; of visitors &apos; to experience atrocity like them .
in the case of any campaign , there is only one story at once .
the Extraordinary Movement expert , Boers Rogers , called Sklarard Sklarard &apos; - a role played by Mikh-Hiir in Disgeny film &apos; ( 1940 ) , as he was . Disney philosophile for three generation of designs .
Sklarard is left behind her husband , neumoimi Gerry , dar Leslie Sglass , son Howard and four children .
Sklar was a dedicated leader of Disney .
he regularly supplied three targeted Mi-Hiuse clock clock clock ( which showed him time in Los Angeles , Paris and Tokyo ) and the golden war of Miki .
and he never forgotten anything that Mr Disney had taught him .
when Disney Combany developed the California Advenue of Children , it reminded the planners of Sglass planet that they would include activities that parents and children can do jointly , as called for by Why Dney .
&apos;Yes , I reminded everyone that Disneynst existed because it was the practice of bringing my daughters to Diet and Sharon Griffiffthi &apos;s parliet to the press , he said to the press . the Los Angeles Times Times in 2002 , &apos; and isms had to sit on park and to eat snowd and poplash while children were travelling alone &apos; .
he thought he had become a Member of interest .
but why was his symptoms so different ?
in the case of Traumack , he was given a great doosedote to reduce the disease .
for the rest of the day he was interviewed , stormed , sorted and investigated .
none of the tests showed anything , but they were also not allowed to go home .
he understood the cause .
for the past two years , he had taken the treatment of Sjögen syndrome .
the medicinal product reduces the capacity of the immune system , and this Bible relied his ability to combat infection .
Sjögren is a audience - quite a salvage disease in which the body of its own armies attack normal cells , as if it were an invasive body , which in the face of this case would disappear with such a wake-up call . they produce tears and coal , but also in some excess areas .
weekly ethan-ethanol fuel was helpful , reducing excessive pain .
but he knew that , because of this medicinal product , he was quite helpless in the event of a serious defect .
when the atmospheric started to work , the patient felt far better .
doctors decided to leave him to hospital for night .
when it comes to a virus , as doctors suspected , they will all be in order next day and will be sent home .
if Girard for the first time in his new patient , then he moved himself on with the indefects on which the people who are making the ethanol are susceptible .
this list was long .
Vietnam cannot be treated before diagnosis , which is why it focused on bacteria .
one of the bacteria , which attacks people with immune disability , is a food additive .
this is often found in unpaid milk and cheese , and it causes terrible respiratory , overexploitation and disorders , which he did not have .
the Leeternal disease is another defect that has spread among the keys to this medicinal product , but it did not have a fool or a lack of air .
even more widespread bacteria Staphycococtaus may cause excess defects , but , again , he had no excessive complaints .
nevertheless , it is intended to start a large-scale drug treatment which would cover all these risks .
however , it was not in the patient &apos;s court that he could find a serious defect .
medical doctors had not given him antibiotics .
the doctor had the opportunity to prolong antibiotic manipulation and simply to monitor and wait , but if the patient had been one of the defects on which he had read , the treatment could even be brought to death by a couple of hours .
the situation was made even more complicated by the fact that the patient thought he was allergic to the pension line , even though he did not remember what happened when he took it .
it created a risk and a shift in the relationship .
as usual , with low contributions , the decision on whether or not to start antibiotic treatment will change if the consequences are so dangerous .
he asked a fellow Member , a second resident , to assess the patient .
Mr Girard did not say to my colleague that he was going to look at antibiotic treatment ; he simply asked to look at the patient and to make his recommendation .
my colleague met the patient and agreed .
although he saw it well , he would be practically defenceless in the event of indefect .
the doctor should give the patient antibiotics .
since there has been a penicethanol for patients , Girard should be allowed to test him to check whether he is tolerating a medicinal product that is not a penitol , but a close relatives .
Mr Girard asked for a shake-up .
if he had a serious reaction to the medicinal product , he would have suffered a blow or his blood pressure would have been humiliated .
neither happened to either .
he was therefore mandated in his entirety .
a couple of hours later , Mr Girard spoke .
patient body temperatures increased to 39 degrees .
he rushed to look at the patient .
the appearance of the patient on the threshold of the othygen layer , and its despicable parts were rockets .
although he seemed inconvenient , he was all in order with his heart and blood oppression .
it was gratifying that he had given antibiotics to the patient .
he asked for another doother Tyana , and when he had yet to review the patient for the last time , he failed to do so deeply .
the fever had fallen .
Higiguma and the Roma were missing .
next night , when Mr Girard öns in hospital , he visited the patient as the first thing he has done .
he had also received five other patients , but for the patient , the Girard at home was most concerned about his current team being handed over .
during these hours , when he did not see him , his bloody organism had grown in the laboratory .
it was too early to say what exactly is it .
it was clear , however , that this is a bacteria , which is strong enough , that Mr Petr is willing to grow rapidly , and that it is not Stalin &apos;s pyphycocus with honour or leniency .
the list of other options was long and none of them actually saw fit .
it took two more days before they could finally identify the bacteria .
it was an additional actuariter .
Mr Girard , like everyone else who took care of the patient , was surprised .
as a doctor , there are pictures of diseases in your family .
for Girarbate , there was a further chook of unpaid milk and soft cheese , and which causes ivelopes , shocks and disorders .
he worked on this unusual indefect and found that , although people with a normal immune system might experience these symptoms , they usually recover quickly , like a patient colleague .
in the case of pregnant women , parents with an age of 65 and damaged immune system , the latter may well be unleashed outside the swifter - sometimes without the appearance of normal symptoms - and in the blood of blood .
it can spread across the board as much as the cost of it .
this type of phenomenon , which is called an instrum , could result in up to 30 % of deaths for sufferers .
indeed , although it is not as widespread as a boomler , there can be a further deadlover .
early antibiotics treatment can save life .
when it comes to a foodstuff , what food has produced this bacteria ?
although the patient and his colleague had not consumed passeless milk or softened cheres , the Internet search in Scotland this summer identified a further outbreak linked to smoke-free beef .
neither of them had smoked beef feed , but they turned a little smoke-free .
where they picked up the bacteria exactly , the secret remained .
when the medical team had learned what the patient was wrong with , they could adapt antibiotics .
his three-week treatment ended in July .
doctors advised him to finish the summer calmly , but for now he feels quite well and has returned to a museum and to his armament work .
no asylum is found in Pakistan &apos;s prices in India .
for 70 years after the largest population of history since the separation of two countries started , prices are still moving from Pakistan to India .
tens of thousands of people who do not even have the legal right to work in India are already waiting for in the camps on the border between the two countries .
so many people have no choice but illegally ravaged by the illegal habitats of temporary habitats - the Indian authorities , on the other hand , are watching the movements of those who have come from the border very closely .
the majority of Pakistan &apos;s arrivals cannot be expected to receive this kind of reception .
there is no job , there is no house , no money , no fault .
we worked on fields there , we were farmers .
here , in order to earn our livelihood , we are being forced to burn the wedding of the &apos; 81-year-old &apos; , in Jogs .
for us , division is not over .
prices are still trying to return to their country .
and when they come here , they do not have anything , they included a lively elderly man in a foreign camp near the town of Jodhiri .
after India &apos;s independence from British colonial powers in 1947 , over 15 million people lost their homes .
this separation caused the wave of months of violence in which at least one million people lost their lives as a result of religious hatred .
in the midst of the bloody chaos , prices and sicktas have just moved from Pakistan , the Muslims were heading in the opposite direction .
despite emigration , Pakistan remains one of the most numerous minority groups .
they account for around 1.6 % of the country &apos;s 200-million population .
many of them are complaining about constant discrimination and are afraid of kidnapping , rape and forced marriages .
&apos;The persecution started soon after the separation , in Jogs , whose family experienced just a few months before the two-state divergence for drought in the region of Pakistan .
it was not the day when we could have lived in peace .
I wanted to come back to live in the middle of my pricing brothers .
the nationalist government of the Indian Prime Minister , Narendamra , has said that it wants to make it easier for religious reasons to find asylum in India .
last year , the government started to allow immigrants to apply for citizenship in their place of residence , in the past , through the central government .
the prices that have relocated to India , after seven years , will open up the way for rapid citizenship in the country .
however , due to bureaucratic delays , this process is often much more time-consuming .
64-year-old Khanarmami left of Pakistan in 1997 and received Indian citizenship in 2005 .
however , many people have said that they have abandoned and returned to Pakistan , because you see that in India they are not waiting for a good life .
the government offers no support .
we are like livestock without ownership .
we are simply trying to survive &apos; , in the words of Khanarami .
however , even worse from poverty is the scepticism of the authorities .
those who do not have citizenship have to suffer harassment of intelligence agencies .
they are being treated as suspects and Pakistani agents &apos; , explained by him .
the Singh Soil had high expectations of the motto in 2014 , but now he has been disappointed by his commitment to helping the prices of Pakistan .
at the time of the Movement Government , tensions have grown between India and Pakistan , and that is why the most migrants are suffering .
&apos;their life becomes hell &apos; , war in Sodra .
for many , however , this kind of treatment is better than life in Pakistan .
Horoji fled two adult son to India two years ago , since it had begun to become threats of slaughter from its Pakistanis neighbours .
in order to save our lives , we had to flee India &apos; , said 65-year-old Horoji , whose grandparents came from the current Indian territories , but they found themselves in the wrong way in which the country was divided .
my grandfather joined the other side of the work .
but he told us that , at the right moment , we would move to India , because he thought that the future could become a threat to prices .
on Monday , it was the last chance to propose a fine name for the wheel born at the beginning of June .
there is now a great deal of catching up names to review in order to find the right thing to proclaim on the birthday of beef , 25 August .
however , the Naraittos can still be offered to the site until the time of internal stagnation .
since the beginning of August , a whole nascent family looks like walking alongside the horticulk .
and while father Kigignite is running out from time to time and with a similar garden posters , the mother of Kibir will not be able to disturb her , the nasyarf will be worthy of lessons .
although the desert of the birds is over , on 1 August , a flora and two homicides appeared on 1 August .
on the Kullip , on the summer of the gender , 10 dogs may fall into the coffers .
in the Takirs , the narrow-minded people , drink time began .
on Thursday , there was yet another day of Vivacanorori &apos;s colours in the Animal Ethas .
a large number of good apprenticeships knowledge-old athletes and the view of the elephant of the mother tongue have been hijacked by a large number of good coffers .
in order to prevent the recruits from being confused , Fien and Dray was once again spent by an elephant in Carl .
on 9 August , in the second clash of animal disease , there will be Aavo Coppork .
if you can help , you will be able to commemorate the wheel and the woman with the Kruus and the other brothers .
the revenue from the sale of activities goes to support this classification project .
last week , more than EUR 1 000 were collected from charity seller .
Mr Gürk : Putin woke for a whole year so there is no need for a holiday .
of course , I was personally guilty of not cleaning this leave .
I was also somewhat necessary for an employee , but I think the only one who considered themselves indispensable .
it is to be blamed that the sense of responsibility was extended to my circus .
the quotation at the beginning of this House is good for being entirely true .
this was the case - the new agency , which I started in March of the same year , required some work , but something that I have been doing so much better for me that I could eat with three months to a completely new life .
there is still a summer , a period of holidays .
it is time to hand over the New Year &apos;s promises , to review what has happened in life and what direction this whole collision is going .
&apos;This is a Christmas tree and an annual exchange ! &apos; Hare now annoying a decent citizen .
perhaps it is , but we all know from our experience that Christmas does not fit to think about life and set targets .
well , I am speaking only for myself - I am unable to make any changes during the annual break .
it is too difficult for me .
of course , in Christmas time , there are congratulations and joy : I like knowing the beginning of the light , you like Christmas revenue , and Jesus , too , had every sympathy with a revolutionary attitude .
despite this , I am mostly tired in Christmas times , and sometimes in stress too - for the sake of this dark .
yes , I do a great deal of work in living a life of holiday , perhaps even more , if I were to go to some kind of hot slaughterhouse , and I have constantly cleaned up .
most of all , I have run in the run-up to Christmas - gifts , at least four Christmas festivals - a slightly greater burden at work ...
taking into account the unceasing social pressure to feel at the heart of the heart , and peace , the difficulties of the Christmas period are obvious .
however , desperate and tired people are unable to make good decisions , even though they are intended to be improved .
these things still need to be done with a more or less clear focus .
a tired person is perhaps throwing an empty and resounding promise , which will help to lay the foundations for the future just as much as the purchase of a lottery ticket .
the promise that is intended to change something should be considered calmly , it should benefit , and it should be a plan .
the plan , in contrast to the promise , contains not only an operational approach , nor does it have a few small setbacks after the overlap .
that is why I am saying that the best time for issuing promises is now in the summer .
it is quite simply necessary to knock-on and eradicate it , why it is so high ( if it is ) .
if you do not commit yourself to stunning during the holiday period , then you will have a few weeks to find a few contexts that deserve to be caught up in your lives , and to think about exactly how this can be done .
I think it is important to live as far as possible that holiday does not require me to rest on the current , not once a year .
so that leave would be an extra award , not a necessary boxy for survival , during which so much of a parliamentarian will be downloaded so that something can be resisted next year .
I commend to everyone at least one simple promise - if you have to go up next morning at a firm time , you will be able to snam in good time .
I believe that , if one in ten of the Ponowmen listened to my recommendation , life in Estonia would be significantly improved .
I myself intend to follow my advice .
this experiment is fuelling people .
it would be very good to have further thought and conclusions drawn .
the recommendation to spend a little more time research into the background of those who want to travel is obvious .
more generally , however , everyone could have a strategy that he shares in the social media .
at national level , however , it is necessary to ask whether officials and politicians are sufficiently aware of the threats to the social media .
the lifespan life expectancy created in controlled conditions ended with the summer school , but it is certainly not up to the indigenous people .
the fourth Estonian person was synonymous in Finland .
along with the media in Finland , the medical doctors , the Günter Türk and the Pendra Pendra estimated that the post-operation period has been prevalent .
&apos;It is very difficult to say how long the patient had been able to live with a new heart &apos; , Mr Püder spoke .
the assurance of doctors has now been made to a maximum of eight years in the world of conscience .
the man himself is recovering and is not prepared to talk about this .
she was diagnosed for two years ago , for the first time , and the disease had already reached the final stage , the heart of the disease was caused by paiatland .
for this sick , transplantation was the only option , an annex to Denmark .
in the words of Kardio , the patient has no longer been involved with heart puppets in a guest after the transplant .
he is left with a lot more and more immune .
the patient can carry out sport and , in general , lives like the ordinary person , he said .
the first year is the most dangerous .
I have added that it takes three to six months to six months to complete recovery .
according to both doctors , the patient must strictly monitor the taking of a lot at regular intervals ; at the same time , medicines also have side effects .
furthermore , the patient must be subjected to controls in order to avoid a wake-up call from the donor community .
the most dangerous is the first year , but more than 50 % of patients are already living in the HLLT , or International Society for Education .
Thailand stated that the results in Helsinki are better and that the longest number of years have been survived with a heart of 25 years .
Kardiov explained that , as the patient &apos;s blood was poor due to the illness , he was made a hearty year ago , which helped to recover for the operation .
when the emphasis of a man &apos;s lung fell , he became an appropriate candidate for transplantation .
the transfer operation is not considered to be a very difficult passage , according to the TFTP : the right timing is very important .
&apos;took much more time to get the pump and then get to the heart , if the new heart were to be put in , said .
in addition , the cardiovasse of the operation , as part of the complexity of the operation , pointed out from the body of blood to fire .
rather , in his words , a carte may be regarded as an exceptional event , because that is what the Estonians need most .
a great deal more is being done about kidney , liver and lung .
if there is a rare paragraph , it is still exciting , but for many years we have been practising this work .
learning for itself and its nervous system is one of the art of this agency &apos; , in the annex to Denmark .
four more people need a body .
it is estimated that a patient was able to sympathise , because no other patient living in a country like Schadiatinean has been left by a body .
this is an organisation for the exchange of organs from Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , Sweden and Estonia .
there are four more people on the transplant list in Estonia at the moment .
&apos;Yes , they are still listed patients &apos; , stressed by Podader .
for the longest time , according to Two , there are large men who expect coal to be between 0 and a positive water regression .
&apos;in Finland , the order is around half a year &apos; , he said .
there are also a number of conditions for our coal .
&apos;normally , a woman &apos;s heart does not fit a man , the heart of a large man , and so on &apos; , read a cardiodleg .
there is no need to look for a long way - from 7 to 12 August to 12 August , there is a consumer in the central town of the Rhousehouse , a film festival of TF .
it makes a special focus on love films .
the programme also contains films , which are a fervent in favour of love , that see new urban works as well as the old good class .
numerous special events in many places make a week from university to film .
all the films are free of charge to visitors , there are up to 1 500 sites , and this year , an area with an armament , which temporarily creates a degree of mood for the centre of the city .
in Switzerland , the largest crop in Europe , 8 000 visitors can at once be enjoyed by films .
in the spirit of the Lockarno film festival of 2 to 12 August , Piazza Grande , the Grank .
as part of the festival , many of the foetuses are taking place , which are led by recognised refoulets and participants .
in the arrival of a legal deficit , a film of EUR 15-20 invoicing will have to be paid out for the benefit of a single film .
at the time of the Pula film festival in Rooma , Croatia .
Gladians , blood , shale monastery , muarer - this picture was opened in Croatia 2 000 years ago , in the Pula Migufatland , where the summer of July is now enjoying international films .
for the first time , it was set up in 1953 , which makes Pula film festival of one of the oldest fertilisers in Europe .
under the carpet , Mr Burton and Elizabeth Taylor , Mr Malkovich and Mr Kingsley have enjoyed good films .
the price is symbolic : the air in the Mediterranean , with high quality films , means around EUR 3 .
Sarea Monttchec &apos;s vaccane , Spain
apart from the films , the Sarea Monthic exhibition offers a wonderful view .
indeed , it is acting on the desert of Montchec , or on the mountain of Jews , in the highest number of Barcelona .
in the blindness of southern Europe , the clearch of security in the mountains seems to be the clever of the Barcelona fire , which is a lack of vision on its own .
the charters of the Valenajavi are being set up by a large screen , which shows the well-known films from the Channel to Manhattana in 1979 .
at once , there are up to 2 500 people and EUR 6.50 for entry .
the ticket price will also include an NGO , just before the films that are allowed to be used alongside their long boom .
anyone who does not want to sit down or have forgotten over a long period of time will be able to borrow three euro for sheep .
by the stars of gift , Italy
a true noteworthy Italy &apos;s soul can be experienced by the Bologna Centre , where the summer recalls of the local film archipelago are displayed .
the tenth largest church in the world , the San Petronio base , is stretched by the old films of 3 000-5 000 people .
in particular , in the 15 centuries of lighting , northern Italian buildings , together with the summer night of heat and a good crusade , are creating a romantic atmosphere in which any fear of the northern hemisphere .
from 19 June to 15 August , there is a new film before the audience every evening , all free of charge .
the Bologna film archipelago festival , under the star stars .
the film festival of the Vienna House of Lords , Austria
there is a muscle without Media , and even a films : the film festival of the Austrian capital - Wiener Rathpez Rathfestival - is an unhint of the group , and an afoot . that is what we are doing .
of the 5 000 free allowances , 30 June will be filled from 3 to 3 September each evening , just as the Malthse Strait is .
apart from the classical music stars - Placido Domingo and the Filharmonious group - there is a festival of music in the festival of festival .
the films are made special for good food in Vienna - in addition to the world level of music , the best restaurants can be used .
every day from 1 p.m. to midnight , there is an open food and drinking area that offers traditional Austrian maize , as well as bottles from Asia , Greece , Italy , Mexico and India .
the comparison of the most packaged plant packages : the Ööngi tickets to contaminated dogs .
the consumer performance of the Poinman compared the favourable packages offered by skirts to one person at 11.00 on 12 August .
&apos;Spahotel is at different levels and a range of services , so one comparison is very difficult to do on the basis of only price , Mr Sau , the Cours of the CIS , spoke .
compared to scaremongering opportunities , it needs to be pointed out that the prices of the most favourable packages differ several times and that there are options for both a demanding customer and a more modest one .
for example , if only a passenger can spend EUR 51 for EUR 51 in the Spa Spa Spa Spa Ek Centre in the house of a buffeti maffet-night and breakfast and coal-use , with the unrestricted use of the water . a package of EUR 287 will come at the price of one person when visiting the old concept .
it includes accommodation in the Doubx D category , in the restaurant of breakfast Alexander winter , and &apos; a load and a one-day smell package &apos; .
when choosing and comparing different packages , it should be taken into account that a friend or compassion should be allowed to obtain the most favourable price , because two-dos will be more favourable than taking a single farm .
if , however , there is a desire to pump on its own , two local tobacco will be offered to the visitors in this case , according to a special one-stop shop , as well as an additional fee .
if , in general , the passengers with no commute will simply pay a couple of additional costs for their stay in two parts , it will also be possible to find more favourable alternatives .
for example , in LRA , a FRA , the Spiasso Sppia package costs EUR 86 in a single application , but , if it so wishes , it also offers a more favourable opportunity in the two-fold provision , provided that there is no room . by informing the customer , someone else is missing .
in that case , the package will be estimated at EUR 58 .
it is worth being flexible to obtain the most favourable diets .
the prices of packages are dynamic , that is to say , week after week &apos;s time , dependent on improvement .
in the case of the &apos; most favourable package , prices could vary from EUR 112 to EUR 248 &apos; , explained by the Consumer Spaikhol and marketing head of Triinu Triinte in their pricing policy .
he also pointed out that the price in their hotel is changing , depending on the cost , and in the annex that the customer will generally be able to benefit from the price to book directly or ask .
as the summer period is the fastest time for sleeves , it is worth planning for a holiday in time to avoid a situation where the desired place has been sold .
for example , on 11 August , both in Plue Hedh and in Strong Strong and conference hotel , only stunes have been selected for the comparison of the packages , as well as in Laheal Violence .
there is no need to look far away at the possibility of spiralling leave : almost any larger city of Estonia finds one or a number of scures .
it is worth examining before buying a package , and at the same time there are no major events in the vicinity , because it will immediately increase prices .
for example , from 11.30 August to 13 , the Valge radar &apos;s events will take place .
at that time , there is a large number of tourists , demand for accommodation facilities , and we have high prices of major events at that time .
&apos;so , at that time , we have no accommodation at preferential prices or favourable packages &apos; , commented on the festival of the Shotel wave President Irene .
&apos;Buy Americans &apos; under a black horse &apos; .
of course , I have heard about &apos; flying &apos; ships .
who would not be ?
Tibet is , after all , several times a daily distinction between Tallinna and Helsinki .
this is nothing special .
the Swiss company Stumrammmer brought the first &apos; cheva &apos; , Freccia Orwell or Kuldka to the market in 1952 .
the technology had already been in place before , but today I have before me a good basis for the wind .
Katamaran , but it is a cry .
what empirical air should it increase ?
however , let us make sure that we are mistaken ( it is not difficult to find ) and that we look at the concept of &apos; foolish &apos; .
why do aircraft remain in the air ?
it is the case that , if the aircraft continues to feed at a large speed , the air spill in the wings of the past and the atmosphere at different speed , because of the differences between the pressure , sunk power , will at some point exceed the aircraft and sleeping the whole .
in essence , the same process is taking place in water as well .
the right image is causing a great deal of speed to move forward , and that , in turn , is what makes the &apos; impulse &apos; basis out of water .
simple ?
it is difficult to get to the figures .
the aircraft needs a minimum of between 15 and 25 kilometres per hour for air , a dry speed record is now just &apos; 121.1 km / h .
however , let us not get bogged down in secondary school physics .
today I have to look at the &apos; listing &apos; Catalan , which is bearing the name NACRAF .
NACRA comes at the forefront of the reference to Northwest Americas Catamaran Rack .
FCS is a abbreviation from Flit Control System .
it is a system that allows the crew to legitimise in the middle of the &apos; flight &apos; , and 20 will show the length of the crusade .
it is clear that this is not a gentleman &apos;s heel that is being released from the Catalan cabinet .
Dr Monokontas and Kapten Sofficial were left to the village today .
the milk and the prizes are not enough on board .
this is a gift of religions .
it is in Cuba .
&apos;This is synonym ? &apos; I am asking you a cry .
yes , this is all about carbon .
&apos;All the end ? &apos; I really do not understand .
&apos;no , the whole boat &apos; , sounds a poor answer .
170 kilos - our three of us who are on board - will certainly be considered more than 170 kilos .
I am comparing everything from the wolf to cars and around it - NACRA f20 is , as it is today , an unfit slap of the street .
Pagan Zonda Zonda or Ferrari FXX .
there was one firm objective built - to drive well in controlled conditions .
the Assyrian soldier would also be hunted with the amount of security equipment that must be confused with the sea before it goes to the sea .
water tachographs , brokups , crusade , cry , special rescue , chip .
there is a feeling in the water supply that there is a feeling that , in addition to the oxygen and just as well as to the sea , Marssi could also be colonised .
&apos;then there is a great likelihood of moving around ? &apos; I am asking a joke at the tone .
&apos;Yes , it sounds like a short answer .
&apos;You have moved a lot on , &apos; Sondededa to yet another soil .
clearly , it cannot be a joke .
I would like to assure you of the security night .
Sihtovarvine also emphasises the fact that Nacra fgan-20 FCS needs a helpless and a minimum of two creamputies for access to the sea .
the maximum of three , so there is not much room for manoeuvre .
it is starting to feel that this is not a Sunday afternoon &apos;s daughter .
Australik : early training .
in addition to accidental orphan , Australian Adaptak has inherited crhythm and hand meat .
Britain &apos;s roots have also had a lot of influence on the food table - for example , the wisen , salt woodland , which is being sold together to hundreds or Greek , is reminiscent of the British Marks .
the metaphans of meat that are offered in the chlorinated and coffers are also perhaps from the British .
it is also the case that the BBBnas of the United Kingdom is , in other words , the raw materials that the honest trawlers mature on the grill , the British , are more greed .
one of the local vineyards is Pavlova , even though it is known to be newcomers .
Magustris is still locked in cosy and private crèches in the Anzac-maturity and cocopor-chocolate flash with chlorinated scores .
Honey Joy Joys , that is , to say , a bit of joyful , is called methodologies .
Australian Stephanie Alexander and his life work , the home dog of vegetables , which is at least half a million at home in Australia / Blatokuny , Privacy .
in the autumn of this year , Stephang will be celebrating its 77 birthday .
his father was a public official and mother Mary love very much food .
Stephanie learned from libraries at university and , like the Australian young people , if possible , he went to discover Europe even after their studies .
in France , the food love of Stephen is only travelling to property and evolve .
in London , however , he met with his first husband , Jamaica Montyt , with whom they opened in 1964 , when they returned to Australia , a simple place of feed in Mellow , Jamaica Hoia .
ten years later , the march of marriage and the restaurant closed the doors .
in 1976 he already opened a little of the restaurant , Stephanie Restaant , which was the next 21 years one of the Mellow feed sites .
restaurant , which is of great importance , is still being talked about as the first Fine dine in Mell , which really can value fresh raw materials and offered seasonal food - a fact that looks like helpless at the end of the last century . it was not yet there .
after a retreat from a restaurant in 1997 , Stephanie has focused on writing cocktails , which has appeared at its closure of 15 .
in Estonia , food writers have been productive , but in his case , no book has simply been a collection of prescriptions .
in the case of Australiie Alex , there has been no substitute for the doories of Stephanie Alexandr .
for his life , however , the fifth cocktail , the ultra-mentality of the Cook Combanius , which is now at least half a million in the Australian home .
the book appeared for the first time in 1990 , an enhanced version of 2004 and the latest version in 2014 .
in my library , it takes quite a lot of room for the issuing of 2004 , because in the impostesis book , there are about a thousand recitals on 1 126 pages !
however , the latest option is even more substantial .
Stephanie Alexandrandi &apos;s work : &apos; the Cook Comsong &apos; ( &apos; coka &apos; ) is at least half a million in Australia &apos;s home , / Amy Pipey .
it is a veritable vamping , where , in addition to prescriptions , the purchase and storage of various raw materials will be presented , food production technologies will be presented and recommendations for the purchase of vegetables .
food is a static query , and there are many cross-references in operation - obviously the education of libraries on the food writers has not run away .
Stephanie himself emphasises that this is exactly what changed his life and has given a new direction to future business .
the popularity of the paper has shown that it has something to give to people , led to the next large , vegetable design that we have in our circumstances comparable to school vessels .
RASMUS Migg : the preparation has not gone quite as I saw in the spirit .
&apos;There has not been everything directly , as I saw in the spiritual spirit , about the training entrepreneur that preceded Mine .
on Friday , there are important moments to show how the body is exactly .
and competition shows that , anyway , what we are looking at here .
today , I believe that my preparation has been of high quality , both in the past and in previous years , so that everything can be handled normally .
with something special , on Sunday , Estonia has not dealt with the starting point of 13.05 after domestic championships .
in recent weeks , too often , treasures are made too often .
I should have , and it may be very useful , that the last M-past week was a little easier .
the days left on the physical side are running as follows : yesterday , yesterday , yesterday , there will be a warmer trace .
in his spiritual preparation , however , he does not want to be very innocent : &apos; I have a long time of my festivals .
there is a lot of silence and peace , and there is no rosé to the desert .
I do not need to look at any motivating videos or to read in self-interest , but to be here and at this point to assess that athletes around the world have come together to compare their capacity in one place .
this , in itself , is a matter of differentiation .
it is , of course , a year of excellence for every lighter , and there is every preliminary starting point , and there is also a competition in the Tobjective , when it took the test - some technical nuances - have attempted to compare themselves with some temporary conglomerations .
there is no longer any possibility of experimenting with experiments at the Tiitlitarian competition .
&apos;here the aim is simply to drink &apos; , it talks about Mäg , but it adds that , if a drink and potentially a half per cent or a couple of energy can be stored for the next drink , they will certainly benefit the next drink .
for the first time , the founder and ideological cornerstones of the election party go to the Central Bank .
so far , we said the Central Party and thought of Sakart or vice versa .
now it is up to the Central Bank to find a way without doing it .
in doing so , they will also have to spur between the party &apos;s colours , at times the criminal and embarrassing past , supporters of the Saduare party and the electorate .
the departure of Sagrab makes the Central Bank &apos;s most difficult situation in ideological terms .
on the basis of the current political practice and ideology , it can be said that it is playing with the old nasym .
many maps , which earlier have an effect as accidenials , may not be realised this time .
the Populisser for the Central Bank is not working , because Sakarar can always be allowed more than the Prime Minister &apos;s party .
the playing of the Russian card has been aggravated by the position of both the Central Bank and because here , too , we see how the so-called Savvinian electoral union is sinking gas .
the death card is already in the Sattare poet pocket due to the ongoing trial process .
for the Central Party , there is also a missing card of the people &apos;s assets and the poor who are insulted .
the first of these is to unbundle this lack of value , and the other more forcefully is hampering the coalition partners in the government .
however , one card can be even more important .
all the last elections have confirmed that the political parties that are able to formulate the main reference for the elections will be successful and then put into practice .
the Albanians have just been displaced by the chief negotiator .
if some political parties were supposed to bring about a well-functioning confrontation in order to breathe life , the map of the Central Party is once again lacking in a truce .
what , then , is left to the Central Party ?
they have a strong party machine and a significant resource .
there will also be a sufficient margin in the run-up to the elections .
the suicide rate with taxpayers &apos; money four years ago is now , I hope , repaid to the vast majority of farms .
there is still a question of poultry , but there has been a lack of activation of the partisan television media .
furthermore , the party has stars of votes .
the role of these will be that you are coming out of the fire this time , because the image of the power party is not sufficient to motivate voters to take account of them .
in ideological terms , Mr Ratail needs to find his own way , because the journey with saturation expired with this week .
talent Weber : crushed a man in an alien car to a foreign car .
yesterday evening at three noon , police officers received a slightly self-challenging challenge .
indeed , a car owner announced that in a tanker with Port Arturi , someone is stranded in his car and he had stayed .
the response to the event was taken by a man who , when he arrives a house in order , found himself lucrative .
it was the man who had tired his journey for a moment and found a foreign man in the lottery of his car .
&apos;The man , apart from the disorder of his own house &apos; , describes the Western prefence in Facebook .
well , all good !
vio : Vassiliou has already created a new club for another penalt .
for nine minutes now , in a homogeneous game in the home country , Wrocław Slash was left to lose , but it was possible to make 20 minutes later .
there was an excellent opportunity to secure the first victory of the season for the Piasi .
four minutes before the headline of the rule , the semi-protection camp was set aside .
the match ended with 1 kick : 1 vig .
two points have been accumulated in the four rounds , and there is a surplus table in the last or 15 .
the most stupid questions to be put to the bar .
the Huffington Post will broaden the head-on issues that they would not like to hear better .
what drink do you have to do best ?
in some drinks , there are indeed more ingredients than in the other , but the same skills and fertility are needed to prepare them .
often , the service providers interpret this issue as &apos; MEast is now the easiest / fastest way to prepare ? &apos; , which gives them a signal that , whatever the customer , he or she is running , the difficulty of making this black man or not .
what kind of drink do you like to do most ?
this issue is being interpreted in the same way as to see what cholera is now the sickness of the bar .
this is not the case of the bar service , but it is the customer who makes the decisions themselves according to their own treasury .
it would rather be expected to ask the question of whether there are any special offers at the moment .
what good is being offered here ?
perhaps it is a silly wish to find out whether the base is going to be with any offers from others , but it could be asked otherwise .
neither can the doctor anticipate what the customer could prefer at all .
could I have a drink , which would not be very dressed ?
the rule applies here , just like the previous one , that Yemen is not familiar with the flavourings and preferences , and for which one taste may not be for others .
however , he is prepared to listen to what kind of taste you might contain .
does this drink give me a headache / bor ?
there is no media , no predictability , so that you can let the customer , get your hands on the brink .
the police are looking for Estonia under the post map .
Europol is sinking the philosopher of the Tallinna club .
the Russian citizen , Ernest Gammer , who pounded a migrant man in the Tallinn club in 2010 and caused severe damage to health to him , has become the most welcome list of Europe .
the Belgian officials already knew that eggs would be contaminated in June .
&apos;We already knew at the beginning of June the potential problems with the puzzlement of the puzzlement &apos; , who was responsible for the security of Belgian food , Katrien Swiuer TV channel VRT in religious freedom .
we started an investigation without delay , and we also spoke to the Prosecutor &apos;s office , because it could have been a deception .
that was where the investigation became secret .
we understand that people have health issues and we are trying to answer them &apos; , in Annex Stagier .
the news agency AFP attempted to get information from the public prosecutor in the past few days , but it did not talk about anything , because the investigation judge banned the publication of information .
broadcasting sites have been withdrawn in Belgium as a precautionary measure until the results of the analyses are clarified .
millions of Dutch eggs were withdrawn in the Netherlands and Germany .
the German Minister for Agriculture , Mr Schmidt , has invited Dutch and Belgian officials to clarify this quickly .
&apos;You have clearly contaminated eggs in a criminal manner with banned products &apos; , Mr Bild said to the German newspaper .
according to data from the Estonian VTA ( VTA ) , contaminated eggs from pesticides produced in the Netherlands are probably not in Estonia .
&apos;We know that Dutch eggs in Estonia are not &apos; , Mr Altra-BNS , a spokesman for the VTA press , said .
he added that there is no other product produced from Dutch eggs either in Estonia .
according to the statistical office , in the last 10 years , the Dutch eggs imported from Estonia have not been imported .
it was the last time that the Dutch eggs came from Estonia in 2006 .
the Dutch authorities suspect that pesticides on fiprong reached chickens in chickens due to the Dutch company Chickir &apos;s cover of the chickens to be carried out .
the news from the Dutch and Belgian media that the substance of the pesticide was obtained via the Belgian company is still unapproved .
in the larger amounts , a fiprong of the World Health Organisation is moderate and can have a negative impact on people , particularly children , kidnappings and shells .
how do you keep it alive when you are trying to get a child ?
therefore , it is very important to keep the fibre lady in the mammud when you are trying to create a new life .
the Fer Firkiro provides advice on how to do so that it does not seem to be a typical commitment .
take away it as an obligation .
this could happen to any couple who are trying to pregnant .
sometimes pregnancy can take time for years .
it takes the spontaneship and the romantic .
try to be spontaneous !
women often feel that they are unable to enjoy the &apos; usual &apos; cycle at the end of the paper when it is known that there will be no positive outcome .
this creates tensions , which , in turn , leads to a reduction in seismic and less sex , of course , means an even greater opportunity not to pregnant .
men feel , however , that they must be able to &apos; speak &apos; when they are called upon to do so .
if you know your fertile days ahead , it can be on your side to plan something more expensive to romantic .
may this be a special dinner , or just to spend time together - enjoy each other !
take a fruitful period into account .
there is no point at all in watering down when there has been a therapy , but in order for you to be a couple of sleeping , to try to walk in a few days &apos; time .
although there is no evidence that contraception takes place more strongly than a woman gets orgasm , it does not forget that .
it should be remembered that every couple is different .
everyone can cope with the stress test of beaches in different ways .
some men want to be aware of the women &apos;s cycle , but others prefer not to know that they do not feel pressured by &apos; demand to speak &apos; .
no one knows the best of you from now how you are best suited .
find your solution !
research has shown that there is a higher rate of success for couples who are seating every few days , but not one or two are able to keep this close .
the most important thing is to find a pattern that suits you as a couple of things the best .
10 undernourished publicity stunts , which makes the appearance of food more attractive .
as it is difficult to cloud many foods , the pilots are using a very different ingredient which will discourage people - for example , instead of populace or poppy instead of milk .
the YouTube channel Trhop makes an overview of which tricks are fairly widespread in the advertising world .
if someone opens a poptobackup in advertising , or is taking out of a carnage , a lot of adultery is thrown out of it .
in practice , debt is longer and , for the whole of this period , food is not cumbersome , because the prize comes from a large volume of water , which , for example , does not have in the case of contaminated products .
for this reason , there is a leaked cotton pot in the water or food , which has the capacity to absorb and keep its water there .
in the vicinity of the heat , they will be praised much longer than Burger or poplaster , and the product will come from a newly prepared appearance .
Mr Carlgreeder is a great abyss for photographs , because it does not go into heat or heat and does not make a significant change in conspiracy like many other food products .
for example , instead of a decree or an iceberg , for example , it can be a populace rather than a guest .
there are some colour and deressivity elements , and the consumer is once again beaten .
the Liim is replacing milk .
it is not easy to look at milk either , because it may not be seen at the bottom of the white .
the food produced with milk will also become fast-tracked in it .
for example , as snowd or stunning in milk , for example , you have to see the carcinogens and wretons of milk , instead of milk , you are using a litre that does not go through in a generous fashion .
if restaurants can make a great deal of effort to produce meat , so that the result will be a volume and a hotline , then in advertising it will not be done .
however , it is the meat that has been presented in advertising that is particularly attractive to come directly from grilla .
however , it often drives on a banner or greed , and is attracted to meat grilla with cumberg tricks .
it is just as difficult to work as with residues , because it tends to melting .
fortunately , there is a product that is virtually identical in the field of whitewash .
therefore , it can be publicised on the school or marches or within the milk coffers .
even on the fine surface of the fruit that is sold in the shop , there can be an okid layer , which makes them more exotic .
however , this is not enough , and a deodorant is being sprayed on the threshold for cotton .
asthma levels are not very focal , either , as long as they become liquid or are separated from water , for example .
here , however , it comes to the aid of the special colours and more permanent technicalities that allow a temple of father to be made .
the pictures in which chocolate or residual chocolate flows are likely to be used .
if you publicised a code of idealist perceptions , in which a bistic was taken and the exact relationship is perfect , some additional layers or pieces of paper have probably been used there .
this is because the code can be disbanded in the breadth and the picture has been broken .
if , after cutting off , the code is being put in place and sprayed over them to the full , it tends to give a shamefully much of the impression .
the boat and flash life is also used in the burkha , so that all the ingredients there can be laid down precisely so that they remain in the beautiful place .
that is why Mr Burger does not seem like advertising on the table .
the paper has been copied .
in advertising , greholes and prognosis are seen , but it may not even be prepared for maturity .
in order to add the impression , a full piece of paper is dumped , if necessary , a populace will be pooled before the carcashwater mentioned , and then a spray will simply be handed over to the brown .
in particular , in American advertising , there is a trace sinking , because this picture leads to a high level of input in people .
in fact , cocaves for a transplant quickly , and the flow of sincerity will quickly disappear from the photography label .
therefore , every banker is being sprayed over the mania for a treatment tool to prevent rapid imitation .
it is often not helpful , and so gold jet oil , which is being fished and presented as a giant , is being put to the aid .
Estonia &apos;s U18 redundancies recognised the better and A-divus of Britain in the semi-refinest .
the match started at an extremely pace , and a lot of corps were thrown out of the first quarter of five points ( 18 : 23 ) won by the British people .
in the second quarter , the difference increased even further , and in the ninety of visitors were made at the ninth point of success ( 31 : 40 ) .
Estonia was able to win the third quarter , but only one point .
the loss of Estonians before the last 10 minutes was eighty ( 46 : 54 ) .
on the fourth quarter , Estonia played its full game , and in the end , it was necessary to accept the loss of 61 : 75 .
the loss of Estonians crushed their hopes to reach the A-divus , because only two of the best concentrations .
in tomorrow &apos;s third place game , Estonia will be faced with the loss of the game between Croatia - Israel .
in the Augustulation , the Chief speaker was revived in the charger , the song and was sent to the Tallennik .
Ivan was able to play to the end when she was hit by a health check .
there was a praise for several hundred and fifty minutes of his heart , who was disguised &apos; , who will speak to Indrek Ditmann Elu24a .
the delay was on the festival , but in the festival , he says and adds : &apos; puzzlement has been informed , of course , they also saw everything that took place &apos; .
at the moment , Ivan chips are on the road to Tallennius and it is not known whether or not he will survive .
of course , we hope for the best , Mr Ditmann will say in conclusion .
the spectator spoke to the West &apos;s life that the Border hit Denselkopje during the course of his speech .
first of all , the man stopped singing , the cloud started to bypass and the man failed .
Mr Uusmine , who asked whether there is a doctor among the audience .
a little later he asked for praising Denselko .
Ivan Denselko / Augustima .
Ivan Denselko , Ivan Blues , is a well-known Ukrainian artist and a cultural player .
in parallel with artistic studies in Ukraine , the National art and archives in Ukraine began in academia and archipelago .
at the university , he was straight away from his incredibly deep belt , and he was invited to songs Kuldne Vev , known as the supranational fist .
he sounded in ammunition with the people who presented him with blows and later became his Bosnians .
the first group of Ivan Blues and Friends was held in Kiev &apos;s base base base of Kieg-Tmiracle on 2007 , 31 December .
since then , the game has been regularly operating in clubs , groups and schools across Ukraine .
a follow-up : Levadia destroyed the home house of Pade Liner Linilution .
Levadia has put itself in a difficult position because , in the previous round , it was a surprise to the future of Viljan , and the Chief leader , Mr Florora , used the opportunity offered to slip on seven points .
on the back hand , Lithuania has reached the same wedding .
Mr Frolog , who was in prison during the summer transition period , continues to feel a great deal of lack of lace and central , Andre Frololoci .
the last seven gambling has been uttered with only two reference points , and the Eighth is present in the classification table - the Tarvan Tampagne in four points and the future in turn to four points .
in the first game in the street of Pavel , it lost 0 to 7 and 2 : 5 .
the Central Party does not want to see Saduare prepared to join the Union .
the leaders of the regional party across Estonia made an appeal to the public and party compatriots , calling for a vote in favour of the Central Party and not for electoral alliances .
above all , this message is directed at those who are considering the EDGR Saduare electoral union and the Central Party .
in response to Ankara , we have done a great deal for Estonia &apos;s success .
the Vice-President of the European Commission , Andrus Ansip , said in an interview with Kroes that he had a sad look at Estonia &apos;s daily policy , because the government of Jürr Raürm has turned on a simple and predictable tax system .
in the press , it was an opportunity to ask me that what I have done for the success of Estonia and what I can be proud of .
I am pleased that we have made many important decisions in the government as a good team and with the months listed , many of which have already been expected in Estonia for more than 10 years &apos; , wrote today in the social media .
according to the level , these decisions include , for example , a tax reform for raising people &apos;s incomes , pension reform for the elderly to guarantee a decent pension , a reform of Estonia &apos;s development , an increase in agricultural support for rural recovery and , of course , health reform for providing access to high quality care .
&apos;I wish you good leave ! &apos; wrote to the Ansip .
it is worth knowing : how do you calculate how much sugar is in dairy produce ?
&apos;European Union food labelling standards can , on the packaging , indicate the quantity and sugar quantity of hydrocarbons , which does not equate at all with the White House , the Director General of Valio Kalbin .
according to him , there are three types of sugar in dairy products : the milk powder , that is , the natural milk powder , the puzzlest of fruit and frug , and a channel , perhaps a dog , has been included .
however , if we bear in mind a couple of simple basic truths , it should not be difficult to calculate the amount of sugar included in the Kalbin .
first of all , it needs to be clarified whether there are milk or fragile dairy products .
there are approximately 5 grams of a natural milk formula , which is a litmus test of 100 grams for a product in normal milk and milk production .
in the dairy products that have been processed , drinking or pig bacteria have consumed part of the litmus test process , which is why there has been an average of 3.5g / 100g on dairy products traded in dairy products .
in order to calculate the quantity of sugar added sugar , the first is to calculate the quantity of sugar beds from the total end of the sugar cane , in the war in Kalbin .
now it is necessary to calculate the quantities of sugar from the march and from the fruits and fruits of the sugar .
&apos;All as usual , between 3 % and 4 % in the case of dairy produce and gigantic dairy produce , in the case of hydrogen-content , and in particular , in the margin of 15 % of cotton products , according to Kalniin .
according to him , this simple calculation shows that the proportion of sugaring added sugar can be up to twice as much as the sugar share indicated by the pack .
the situation is slightly different with regard to products that are not produced as they are subject to the sugar content of production technology .
a 101 year-old man locked down a plane .
the Second World War II , Verdun Hayi , recently received a military reward to mark a fiasco on his world record .
it was the man who committed 1 to 101 years and 38 days old to excitement , thus sending the oldest firefighting for a person in the world .
in anticipation of the final emissions from the air chain : does Mr Kanter make the Mi history ?
this is eight for the Kanter , none of its contrasts in London have reached this achievement .
furthermore , Kanter is the only heretics of history that has won a full set of mammals ( gold , two silver and two pronies from M. ) .
as of today ( 5 August 2017 ) , Kanter is 38 years old and 92 days old .
in the event of a fixture of a twofold world minister , it will become the oldest heretics of Mon , who has won a golden codig .
this is the same opportunity for Pjotr Malachowski in Poland ( 34 years and 60 days old ) .
yet more exciting facts :
more than one time , there have been sportsmen from only two countries .
in Germany , there are nine , Lithuania .
the World Cup Reference regime is in Virgius Aleklena &apos;s name , which is , in Helsinki ( 2005 ) , remarched from 717 .
the lowest result , which has been won by the good , is 6.20 - it was in Riev ( 1991 ) .
why do the dogs seem to be broken ?
sometimes it is thought that the dog is eating at a lot if it does not know well and wants to drive itself up to the tag .
in fact , most of the abundance of feed is completely healthy .
only less than 10 % of dogs who seem to have broken it because of a few diseases .
one of the reasons why a dog may suddenly start eating into a feed can be nutritious food .
those dogs , who have religions , can also take a greater interest in breaking the face .
therefore , when a dor who has not been nervous in the past , wheat has come suddenly and often eaten it , it is worth getting the doctor to control , for example , the problem of possible organ shortages quickly .
it is worth pointing out that a dog can also sink because he likes this taste or he simply has a forever .
if the health problem has been ruled out , it would be worth finding that the family dilemma can still be sufficiently developed and revolutionary .
at the time of the Weber police , more than 200 people were jailed .
a total of more than 20 crimes were recorded in the town of festival in the town of Plukel .
there is a reason to associate about half of them , alongside the use of violence , a particularly large number of narcotic substances and two drink driving .
the misappropriation started by Sadar was mainly linked to the emergence or possession of alcohol by minors or banned substances .
there was a letter of theft and a violation of public order .
police officers have given more than 200 people for various reasons .
around one hundred of them were minors , and mostly police officers were the cause of alcohol drink .
in the soil , minors were brought to the army more than they did .
half a hundred people were also included , or just as much as last year .
the message of the head of the police department , Andres Shuman , has a large number of people waiting for the above figures , given the figures .
as in previous years , we were thoroughly prepared for the weekend .
we have included additional demand from the prefers , police officers and aid police officers in order to ensure that they are ready to react quickly .
most of the situations were resolved in the word and were enough to communicate regular protection with citizens .
&apos;There were probably a few misgivings , because the police were in the town to see and feel enough , according to our estimates , about Shuman .
his opinion was extremely positive that minors who supplied alcohol were clearly less well and young people proved to be able to brake .
he praised the top-level team of the security company , who cared for security in the festival of festival .
I would like to thank all the festivals who took over and stolen from the courtesy .
&apos;I would also like to thank the local people who , with their understanding of the success of the big festival , contributed &apos; to the police manager &apos; .
in the police department , the owners are waiting for the ceremonies of the town and festimable at the weekend .
for the return of the Poree , the head of service , Annynna Plucie , was responsible for the return of the Festival in the Flexibility Area , known as &apos; lost objects &apos; this year .
in the police print of the Festival , owners were returned from more than half of what was found .
in three days , bank cards , identity documents , mobile phones and take-up were abolished for three days .
&apos;At present , there are 13 mobile phones , three purses , laptops , smart metering and several car mackerel .
in Latvia , the largest non-citizens live in Daugavpils , Ria and Lietard .
in the country , there are 125 344 people without Latvian citizenship , Daugavpils 14 266 and 909 in Liechtenstein .
outside agglomerations , people without Latvian citizenship live the most in Yucades ( 2347 ) and in White ( 1235 ) .
at the beginning of 2017 , there were 242 560 people in Latvia who had no Latvian citizenship .
in 2007 , 392 816 people were living without Latvian citizenship .
in the United States , two elite universities were arrested after national hunting .
forty years ago , Professor Wynm Latheham , gave himself to the California police than he had been searched by the police .
however , the 56-year-old Oxford University , Andrew Warreni , received police officers in San Franisco .
men are suspected of cruelty and more than 26-year-old Trenton Cornell-Danianiu .
he was found at the end of Chicago in Chicago at the end of last month .
a few days later , suspects made a great deal of donations to a library under the name of cash .
before giving himself to the police , Latham Laicago , according to a police officer , sent friends and family members a video which speaks of the greatest water in life .
the CNN video did not see , and the police are not exposing it .
according to the police , this was a brutal murder and his body had been immune from the vulnerability of the wounded .
Mr Chicago , he had recently arrived in Great Britain , but the investigators have so far failed to ascertain whether and how he was familiar with the victims .
before the arrest , both suspects were fleeing from the State of State .
in the Australian waters , 3 US navy waters disappeared in the air accident .
the US navy and the navy of the seabed closed the searched operation , the Marine Strait was announced in the statement by Mr Butler in Japan , basically confirming that the army will no longer be able to find the disappearances alive .
the accident happened to the navy aircraft , Ospriy MV , which was launched tomorrow by USS Bonn from Richardi .
on board aircraft , there were 26 people , 23 of whom were able to find and rescue .
last month , the US and Australian joint exercises in Qualed Bays were involved in the sea of the US and Australia .
the Australian Minister Marpakyne said that the incident occurred on Saturday near the coast of Shoalwawater Bay .
South-South Japan is preparing for the arrival of a typhoon Nord of Norway .
a large proportion of the south-west Japan , including the regions devastated by rainforests last month , was prepared to do even more on Friday than the typhoon Nord , which was one of the most powerful storms of the world at the moment , with ever closer to the main island .
according to the Meterological Agency , around 1350 km from the North Pushu Islands and Tokyokyo archipelago to the South of a strong wind and rainfall over the next 48 hour . it is possible that there will be up to 800 mm sacks .
the representative of the Meteorological Agency said that Norway , which celebrates a certain type of fear in Korean , will then probably go to the bottom and sink the rains of Kyushu , even though the island was hit by the floods last month . 36 people and four disappeared , are likely to get away with the worst .
&apos;This is an extremely slowly mobile storm &apos; , added to him , pointing out that there is therefore a greater risk of flooding , because in one region there is a lot of rain in the long term .
Norway , which was , at one point , a typhoon of 5 category and is a normal long storm , formed first two weeks ago and a wheelchair of the Pacific , before aiming at Japan and its weakness . the Convention .
the representative added that , depending on the change of course , Norway can move directly to Kyushu and then bypass the Japanese Honshu Islands , but it is still difficult to determine the longer-term journey .
the aircraft appealed to the US to a perfect design itself .
the pilots led to a nomak of eight national flights to the United States and was even able to fly a bit on the route .
aircraft data in real time referred to the fact that it was not just a sigh or a rock , but a plane with the aircraft , which was composed of a plane .
Mr BO004 left in real time , according to Flijevliver , which monitors air traffic , at Boeing Field Airport airport in Seatten , according to the local season , around 15.40 Wednesday .
Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner took the course over Montana , North Dakota and Minsk before changing the course and flying epidela .
in terms of the card , aircraft is a strange transit route with two engines .
Mr Boekup is , according to Mr Boekup , a aircraft of 18-hour &apos; resilience &apos; .
&apos;instead of flying to a superfluous pattern , a testing team was at its imagination , driving on a route from which 22 countries were made up of 787-8 offices &apos; , a Boeing &apos;s representative to the Riga portal .
&apos;Dreamliner refers to Putin &apos;s region of Sound , where Boeing Commercio Airport is home .
this goes beyond the border of North Michiganda from Canada to southern Texada .
the saga concerns Huntsi Talkas in Avina , in the annex .
Boekurier , 787-8 Dreamliner , was introduced in 2009 .
the aircraft vines up to 242 passengers and is able to fly more than 13 600 kilometres .
since the pilots used the radar as a personal horror , the flight trawlers were attracted to a peripheral interest .
some suspected that this was a facilitator , others once again suggested that it could be a strange coincidence .
a former soldier was sentenced to the murder of a suspected pensioner in prison for sexual abuse .
a former soldier was sentenced to at least 17 years for the murder of a man whom he suspected of mistreatment of his familiar woman .
Mr Caspary ( 70 ) was convicted in the Glasgow Supreme Court in June for the murder of David Farishi ( 75 ) at his home in Tweedbank Roxburkshire in February 2016 .
Judge Lord Shejam mentioned the murder &apos; particularly brutal &apos; , as the victim &apos;s body was 14 storms .
a civil defence lawyer , Brian McConnachie , said that the killing was due to &apos; modern madness &apos; , but he described the facts as &apos; exceptional &apos; .
in the Castex , a woman had been sexually mistreated for a long time by Farish .
his lawyer said that the man went home to Farishi and &apos; amicable &apos; , in the hope of his affection and not his intention to kill him .
Lord Sheaters stated that , on the day of the attack , Cascoherent demonstrated the signs of intent and referred to the report on social work , which showed that the army had gone through training special troops on how to engage in a group of friendly ammunition .
no charges were made for Farisha .
it was reported in court that , after the murder , the police contact with the Castigliy himself was contacted and made up .
Mr Connachion has stated that it is &apos; difficult for the vast majority of people to understand &apos; that Cascohesion is capable of murder .
a Defence lawyer said : &apos; he has never had any problems in life before that incident .
he lived in full life until the moment of this madness in February 2016 .
the health of Castex is said to be poor , and it has been hit by a cargo and a heart .
according to Lord Summer , he took into account , with a minimum of 17 years of life imprisonment , that Casteyl had no earlier convictions , and what he said about Farishi .
the Scottish police described the case as the particularly appalling murder of the man of his own home .
Mr Pinkney said , &apos; Winkney , although this punishment does not make his cruel act , I still hope that it will provide a kind of solution to the Davies family &apos; .
Prime Minister Jürr has today visited the fourth largest island of Vorus , in the course of a small island , in Estonia &apos;s fourth largest island , where local guardians and residents met with the present topics of life in the island .
the war on the island of Vorus originated from the port of Svibby , where Prime Minister wheelchair was welcome to Vormi formula for Tanzanda , and Mr Sardinipuu , elected Chairman Ivo Sarapuu .
the first was the historic Holy Church and the outlying fishing , which is unique in Estonia for its scapegoats and sons .
it followed the study of Vorus nursery school in the north , where the director , Age Hälvin , spoke with the Prime Minister about the life of school and the teaching regime , which states that there is a school student distance .
I appealed to the Prime Minister in 2015 for a new and modern operational service unit , in which there was an additional meeting with the island nation .
the debate dealt with important issues for the population , such as the development of ships and airlines between small islands and the continent .
the country is committed to ensuring regular transport connections for smaller islands with persistence , but increasing traffic , for example , during the summer period also makes important vehicles for local residents more difficult .
these are places where the country can take local wishes and needs into consideration in the planning process at an early stage , Prime Minister .
in addition , there was a discussion about the construction , interest education , the safety of the island and the capacity to rescue small vessels .
today &apos;s Vormi visit was the last part of the small island treasury of the Prime Minister to familiarise themselves with the living environment of the islands and discuss the issues expected to be resolved by local residents and municipalities .
in July , the head of government raged Saarer , Kihlahi , the Abruka and Vilson island , and he has visited the Naisi Islands , Prangi , and Asui , during the August .
the guest summer has prompted the headlines to travel abroad so far that the package journeys are not only expensive , but they have been sold , no matter what price .
it is also not worth waiting for cheap air tickets and for the last minute , but rather to think about the travel plans for next year .
at the press conference yesterday , an Ivanova , a member of the EDGAR Saduare , who joined the electoral union , said that Sakaren-speaking electoral union offers full competition to the Central party in Jallinn in the autumn .
however , how likely does EDGAR Saduar assess cooperation with the Urghub Sappalling electoral union in Tallinn ?
U18 redundancies will soon be suspended , Vaido Rego : it is up to one or two to decide .
in the second quarter of the U18 age school , Poland 68 of the EMI B-divlevemi E-divlevine was set up by a genuine meeting , as stated by Mrs Reido Rego .
the game was sickness .
both of the tides had done their homework , the points came out hard .
there is a question of who has better nerves .
the Play-ofia might have a game of one or two &apos; , discussed the Rego .
a victory , but a trer is first looking for what can be improved .
the button always gives us .
some of our mistakes were not justified , the opponents became easy freedoms and were on their feet .
we have had this before - if we are to protect aggressively , there is a danger of trying over .
let us draw our own conclusions , Mr Rego .
he used nine players today , because of the injuries of a few meetings , Robin Kivi remained on the ground .
these decisions are ongoing .
this morning , a training tree and a pre-emptive warfare , but was still not 100 % prepared &apos; , explained by the devil .
tomorrow , at 18.15 , Estonia will meet with Britain in the Polish refinest , which was exasperating Bulgaria today : 73 .
this game will be won by the U18 age of their country by next summer by the EESI A-divine .
a woman found a layer of alien masse , who could be part of it ?
&apos;Do out the machinery when a generous between the whip laden cry at me &apos; , a woman is talking about how he found a stranger of his washing machinery .
in fact , Karin is not paying attention to the thresholds at the door of the first season .
I gave the floor again as a masterpiece .
&apos;At the desert of two small children , this laden laundering is emerging immediately &apos; , mutiles a woman .
when a second wash regime was over , and I started to take the bail out , it was still like a black ham between the whipelago and I found the war there .
the gold shortage is grabbed by the name of a man who was married 14 years ago - Tomi .
as someone in the family of this name , man or woman , who could be in the service of some Tomorrow , does not know what the war is all about .
Karin examined the old child that perhaps he has found a cry , put his horror in the pocket and has got into a washing machine , but the child has declared that he had not brought the war home .
Karin has lived with his life of Tallinn Madame for the year .
in the past , they were selling it out , and then there is also a washing machine .
however , if a war were to have any connection with the rental , how did it get into the machinery ?
&apos;Why do not get to grips with the path of war on washing machines &apos; , a woman is laughing .
as the pace of life for two young children is quite fast , the dream was originally set home on the shelf .
&apos;During recent times , there have been posting of marriage , and now it seemed that it is high time to look for the owner of the war that we have found themselves to be found in the Karin social media to the case in Tallinn , where an outbreak of life . the fragile found of the owner happily last week .
&apos;When Facebook is found and searching for different things , I thought first there to try &apos; , Karin , whose postal has already been distributed by nearly 4 000 people .
&apos;Poiny has received any feedback and not everyone is a good &apos; , it risks a woman , referring to the first comments , that he was advised to sit on his man .
then there was the feeling that it was necessary to hear it now .
it is my man that has become the greatest deceitful of whom I have heard .
frankly , I was concerned at the beginning , but at a later point , when I came to the comments that I myself have sounded with the owner of the war , that was already navigating .
the mentors also suggested the idea that , suddenly , a war has reached a second round of clothes .
&apos;Yes , most recently six months ago , when you bought to work , you could have a second round , which scored into a washing machine without a closer investigation , but is it really a woman who is discussing the scaremongering .
be that as it may , but with life , we have agreed that now , because of the principle , we have to find the owner of the war .
let that be the cause of the disappearance of this war , whatever it may be .
divorce , family daughter or whatever .
I think that this is the only right thing to do , because if I ever had to disappear from the helm of aid , I know that I would be very grateful to a person who would try to find me and return a valuable asset .
Karin has also approached the family state office to get there to find a owner .
however , I received the answer that in Estonia , this date and the name of this kind , Mr helpline , have not been .
one of the wars has found the owner .
recently , on 21 July in Tallinn Pelascki , a profiteering deal was lured to be allowed to appear that it belongs to the old woman .
&apos;Jalun with dogs this morning , and I noted the outburst of the 53 house , intact , golden warf &apos; , speaks to Gerli to promise that it is an eternal .
Mr School has stationed his Facebook , and in his group in Tallinn , the city of the city of northern Tallinn and the city of the north .
in two weeks &apos; time , the police , Mr Gerga , contacted the police and stated that the High Representative had been identified .
&apos;My daughter &apos;s contact , and on Monday evening , the daughter went to the lies &apos; , because the old , Mrs old , had injured her hand and dragged the other war , where it had slipped away from .
&apos;he lost it the same day in the morning when he walked with his dogs &apos; , says Mr Gerli .
from time to time , it is still necessary to go to forests for whatever reason .
however , if there is a nail between the skin , then it is right to make a hot road .
there are sufficient resources available for this in the forest .
the home of protection does a little bit .
we are talking about a flash because it is coffee , and quite the way , that is , to a certain extent , a virtual dossier , but it is not the best for our health .
the only plants found in the old environment must always be prepared to test , because both prescriptions and maize are different .
some of us do not need to be treated for a long time , just bullet , but others , on the other hand , have to be dragged into hours .
of course , it must also be careful that water and vegetable are sufficiently clean .
a great deal will also depend on the age and place of the repetition .
we are now looking at how to prepare some of the simple routes and what impact they can have on us .
a flash for migration .
migration shocks can speak calmly for a year .
if a 2 litre of water is a good thing a day , it fits well to satisfy the need for C-vitamin and to inject a little extra energy .
as with all plants , it is possible to get useful elements from gambling to use alternative methods , for example , by crushing - shocks do not need to be picked up for a long time , it is enough to exceed a bullet and to tighten up a few hours .
on half a litre of water , 0.4 litres of fuel will take up , which will have to be severed for 15 minutes .
the result is a drink in which there are nearly 25 g to C-vitamir , a lot of calibre and a crusade .
in addition , the drink contains around 1.5 sugar kup , or the 20 kca sugar .
a link and meal can always be included in order to improve the taste of taste .
and , if a drink got into a cholera , it can be diluted like a transplant .
the preparation of a Cuba coffin goes in the same way , but the drink itself bears a little different .
the Varcharest is excellent and helps a great many in the face of the cracks , a remarch .
in the Varreas , it helps to overcome fatigue , it is a painful dossier and will help both as a catalyst in the case of crop diseases , as well as as as a humiliation of the fever .
as a result , it would not be worth half an ally per day .
the Varvarak is also making a stunt , which is why a more calm moment should be found for the benefit of this winter .
in order to prepare for the winter , fresh wheels , using cow , equals or martyrs , are taking up .
for the half of the drink , there is a need for a small plug with the length of parliameter , which must be thrown up until water owes a red tone .
there is also a way of pulling out of the Varreas .
to do this , the crusade and hoia wrecked in water for a few hours .
longer and more detailed work also makes a stubborn .
a ready wheelchair may also be added to the goknip of games .
Mustsidbakless .
Mustnut is a cacon that can be seen in nature as a black piece of puzzlen puzzle .
it is mostly found in the boxes , but also elsewhere .
the area of use is very wide - as a sixth drink , to be blamed , instead of a virus , and so on .
the ash can also be very well laundering .
it is a kind of superfluous drink that can be used to heal very many diseases , even cancer or leniency , to reduce stress , life expectancy .
the Seen contains a number of unique compounds and a lot of B-vitammie , as well as antiotes and a little mineral and protein .
there is no risk of over-consumption every day , which is produced in the Sejm .
to make a drink , around 3 x 3 cm is enough , which will come from between 2 and 3 litres to between 5 and 15 minutes .
a woman is walking the earth with the land : my current budget is USD 5 !
in fact , I have had such experience , it is true that 40 days , when I decided to live a &apos; mad &apos; life in southern France to simply be free and to live on a day .
there was a dinner , a forest , a small town at the stations , and so on .
the second week I joined a French &apos; homeless &apos; , 44 years old man ...
Oi , do not think that any detentions are graps : we simply park Mentones and became friends , although he was 15-old , was a good thing .
it emerged that the man is a good family , a Pariisisa , a former naval officer of the French navy .
the Alkopje is not wise , it does not do the sun , in any words - a decent person , an intelligent person , a pleasant communication and , life .
I joined him and followed him for 3 weeks , along with the town , and also about 5 momatos per day .
the money was still coming so far as to live .
the man taught how dinner aid to provide closed hotel and restaurant farms .
we worked so hard to have the next 2 to 3 days of feed money , and then on ...
at some point , I abstained from the disease and decided that it would no longer be jailed ...
I took the flight to Helsinki , home ...
and by the way , I still regret it .
these 40 days were perhaps the best in my life .
Mr Facebook referred to recently : &apos; the quotation is a poor justification &apos; .
therefore , I will not look back and try not to recall what has been done in history to retrain human creation and what results have been achieved .
I will not judge whether these attempts can be regarded as a success or failure .
I will also avoid excessive sources references , although I may support the idea of one of my most important teachers in Rome , Mr Füle : all my thoughts are borrowed from somewhere if only remember where exactly .
the most conspicuous work of the current Estonian Republic is the rearing of the Estonian Republic - a perfect person .
we will not grow her as we grow a child - in good faith that the background gets a person .
we are bringing him up like the ruling class before us - which one person must be able to live and speak openly in Estonia .
censorship is perfect .
although the local class changed partly a year ago , some education methods are just as frightening when they were in the previous ruling class , they are now impoverished - their brutality does not fall under the slightest to the previous ones .
they are simply different .
Latvia is on the brink of branding a new era .
the Heads of State , 0..5 professors , are made mandatory .
the ruling class includes not only those politicians who pay for their work from the State , but also those who make policy voluntarily ( read : deliberately ) : writes Mihouti using their cronies , walking in Facebook , coom . the people who are living , prolonged , boycotts , gestures , rubbergs , sabotage them .
they are only willing to attend ECHO Chamber ( the English expression of people living in a space where they are only entitled to opinions , such as their own Facebook friends and so on ) , but the conflict in Estonia has not been possible .
there are still some compatriots who think or do something that is unbearable .
and that is what the profiteers are crying out for , and that is what the commercial butchers are chairing .
we have a number of politicians who know exactly how much a person can be God with whom to breathe , how to work , to get a lot of pay , to think about what to eat , how to show how to be ill . how to die .
very important areas .
when their public speeches go against anything other than what they have said , they are radared , insulted , hysteria .
the fact that people in several European countries are travelling with a &apos; full car &apos; , and this is allowed by law , does not undermine their opinion .
zero tolerance is the only permissible in every area , but behind zero tolerance is not a causal , but a pathless evil .
clash hatred and fatheraps - just like me .
now , politicians can only open doors , but never coal .
they believe that any &apos; measure &apos; with which they improve society works and is worth the test .
fortunately , we have a glass crère , with a disability with a visually impaired gift , with no pain , but without having to feel pain .
therefore , it seems to us that some shrewd farms are opening up and that he is emotionally charged for this in a festible that is what makes sense .
some of the words that will certainly send us a tall , for example , tomorrow , refugee , woman , violence , work and so on .
if you believe everything that self-interest officials , activists and politicians ( such is only a small part of all groups , but they are able to kidnap in a way that the whole of society is complaining and writing , the citizen is not only the opposite , but also unpleasant . free , without brains .
but let us not believe , do not tolerate coercion , do not prohibit drinking .
in any case , the Estonian person drinks as much as he wants , not as much as the country promises .
in any case , the Estonian person tolerates more than she is not forced to tolerate .
the Estonian person will not change his behaviour two months before the elections , so that , after achieving this objective , you can turn your popularity away again and again , not only in the home , but also to expelling it , which will quickly restore the brain flash .
who does it differently , it is not the right guardians .
I do not believe that any people can be regrown .
I believe that people can be taught .
to drink my sensibly , love your family , is to work , to have a visa , an attractive fellow man , not just to friends , but to society as a whole .
for teaching , it is not necessary to punish , to limit , to ban , to force , to order , to scort , to scort the media carte with the mountains .
the teacher must serve as an example .
a politician who speaks of the harmful nature of tobacco ?
a policeman who is crossing a radiation at a free time makes me a fine for exceeding speed ?
and then there will be a link between the main colleague ...
I have such a thorny idea that perhaps we should also try to bring the ruling class up once again .
to tell them , do not run a secret .
when you drink , drink publicly : in the postaste of the Right , the whole nation is in the eye of the people .
forced speed to surge only publicly - the cars of the rulers , including private cars - be it all red .
if you govern , then govern as you govern yourself .
perhaps then it is a disgrace to be sufficient if words and actions do not go together .
or we can know that we ourselves want us to be the worst .
because we all , the champions , are those that we do not want to be at all .
where are you fleeing for themselves ?
this weekend , rainfall is allowed to happen , so it would be time to take up a proper line .
why not triumphant chickens !
Gou REgorgorousis shares recommendations for nine exercises , which should help you to obtain more secretive and better stars in the tone .
it is said that the first changes should already be seen after the first festival !
the bus and coach driver saved eight cumbers from the motorway , without knowing that dogs actually have a owner .
&apos;Where , where I put these eight cumbers , a woman , along with the dogs , would have thrown out the cocktail , a joy bus driver , who saved chorry-picking on the journey by giving a liar of asylum . to the person .
soon , however , the owner of shelters , for whom it was inreasonable to have taken away from his home .
Mr Oleg , a bus driver , said that he has been working as a bus driver since the early 1990s , but this case has not been before in his career , &apos; I have travelled with a number of 146 of my usual routes .
near Kohing-Risk , I noticed that there is something small running around the road .
I thought it was a thwark , but it came out that there were four months of &apos; , that the bus driver reminded .
Mr Oleg went into a bull , and he stopped passengers full of buses in order to keep their fingers crossed .
&apos;During the damage started , cars would have moved from them and had been flying the dogs &apos; , in Oleg .
he added that passengers were reasonable , and they were also very happy with soft loans .
the quotations at the beginning were a bit of fearful , but then they became amusing .
Kutsmen on board , the bus driver went to a new front , because the timeline needed to be followed .
when travelling back to the inventory , he saw another four small dogs there .
it was a German sheep dogs .
they were so quick to see that they were taken care of .
the dogs were fine , even dramatic .
the first point was , of course , that someone wanted to get rid of these something &apos; , the bus driver said that , for that reason , he decided to kid buses .
&apos;I also took these four months and called the police &apos; , reminding Mr Oleg .
regular protectors contacted the shelter of the Tallinina animals , which the worker came from the shots of the Baltic plant .
but did bus and coach drivers not be tempted to take the bulwark to themselves ?
that was the point .
one champolar was so beautiful and calm .
the paper , like the adult dog , said Mr Oleg .
but where do I place these eight cumbers ?
I would have been expelled by a woman , along with the dogs .
we still have a small child .
it is too early to take &apos; , to add .
in Tallinn , the President of Flora , Mr Tobias , stated that asylum was indeed granted to 8 German sheep vinea , who are two and a half months old .
but on the same day , the owner came to the family .
&apos;We did not even put these shots in place and we gave them back just now &apos; , he noted .
&apos;Lords &apos; owner was not very angry , but he said that they have the only house to visually and that the bus driver could have asked whether they belong to them &apos; , he spoke to Tobias .
however , in the annex to the asylum manager , it is a good thing that the river clouds on the path of bus and coach transport have picked up , and that is why the disaster did not happen .
in fact , it was very good for the bus and coach driver to react !
the landscape has met where , if necessary , the best wishes of conventional vehicles will simply not come to .
that is where ATV is the solution .
the ATV , which is in operation in the military area , gave an overview of the home of Catalan !
there is nothing new for the use of such lightweight and good transit vehicles in military structures .
the need for them has already come to light during the Second World War , but more attention was given to them in the decade later .
simplicity and strength
as early as 1956 , M-274 , which became known as M-274 , known as M-274 , was developed to evacuated in the last year of the Second World War .
for further development , it is a little strange to mention mechanical mutuality .
it is difficult to imagine more mobile vehicles .
a platform , a wheelchair and a roop : everyone , all the luxury .
as a matter of course , excessive construction plants would have put too hard on the working table , and would have started production at a cut .
in the war , however , there is a much greater degree of transposal of convenience .
in this category , the anti-Vietnamese jungle was not tested to the other .
it is easy to get , less than a hundred kilogram , to skirm in the neck , where , with its superpower capacity , the Willyell , gathered from Willyell to show the brakes .
it was mostly used to transport vehicles with nearly 500 kg of chickens , both populable and revitalising .
sometimes lightly , lighting , refurbishment of tanker weapons was also installed .
however , this transport came under , and it was still happening , the driver was able to move the Roma system forward in the last need and to let it be so low that it was possible to lead a vehicle in sheep .
the boots were produced up to 1970 , agreed on 11 240 , and they were in army until 1980 when HMW was exchanged .
the two decades since then , in the military circles of ATVs , more than a marginal meaning .
they came back after they fell in New York , and the US soldiers found themselves in the desert landscape of Iraq and Afghanistan .
it was there that knowledge and the notion that there was a need for something that would fill the gap between Hlasweg and footwear .
since ATVs generally does not provide considerable protection , they are not directly the best option to meet the challenges of the battle .
however , rapid and easy machinery is suitable for carrying out specific tasks .
for example , in coffers and rescue operations .
currently , thousands of AVs and UTVs are used in the American army .
most of them , such as XUV550 , who were called the Defence Union , were essentially similar to those in the civil war , but improved according to the needs of the army .
the names of Mr Mugabe , Hondkup and Foreman , Yamlahman , Mr Radio and Mr Artic , have been represented . a convincing choice is the Polar-model model of a leading military AVs .
in 2013 , a five-year agreement was concluded with the American Special Emissions Centre ( SOCOM ) for the supply of two MRZRZRZRZRRZRR4 and a separate one-year one-year old agreement on Sport in Sport . of the 50 , which has both the information base and the bulack-out-klack-ups , and innovative garage tyres , which will ensure that we can move even after the taboos of depulace from the 50s .
before the arrival of the MV850 market , in the Polarar , MV700 and MV800 were supplied to the army .
in the case of MV700 , this is a military version of 7 0000c Twin Sportsman , which has been included and wants to be commuted , a two-party fuel tank for the transfer of larger distances , strengthened and still more militarism . equipment with which farmers , or those who are just afforested , have no more to do .
as well as the Polararian ATVs successfully used in both Iraq and Afghanistan , John Deere M-Gs , it is equipped with the strength of arms , with the clumb and with some other elements that are necessary in the battle , with rigour .
a vehicle weighing 750 kilogram can bear almost its body weight , in other words , 570 kilos .
the capacity of the engine will also be sufficient for the transport of lighters and large stem cells .
a change of vision , whose aspects are removed , will allow the luggage of the A point B , which is a small size of that puzzle , but a lot of puzzlement .
later on , A1 , supplemented by M-G versions , which are more than the original &apos; 20-hore &apos; strong M-G &apos; , and the subsequent strengthened framework of A2 , which is even better to transport and to pump in order to transport and to transport . 3 , which combines the positive features of A1 and A2 .
the fire-fighters M-Grants were actually already in Bosnia in 1997 and 1998 , where they were used to evacuate the wounded .
at the same time , they also reduced the burden of their own mobile soldiers by transporting them instead of a degree that would otherwise have to be paid on the market .
if the majority of ATVs in the power structures in force are mobile specifications for civil consumption vehicles , there are also some exceptions .
they are distinguished by the name of Mr Prowler International , which has been used successfully across the world in all possible battle , intelligence and rescue missions .
according to the manufacturer , for the first time , they have been presented 10 years ago with bottlenecks for vehicles designed to carry out special operations , which are characteristic of AVs in normal use , as well as those required by the army in terms of both resilience and safety .
while building and the largest ATVT , the Prowler is , at long last , completely different in terms of both its own structures and its capacity .
it is faster , more resistant , more stable and able to transport and , after that , it will also be able to carry more difficulties than other similar vehicles .
for example , if , in the case of the ordinary TV TV , the driver has to play his or her body of body to maintain the balance of the vehicle and to use both hands , speed and brakes , the management of Prowler is more like car management .
in the end , however , there is no difference between Prowler , Gas , MV850 or any other ATV or UTV - the concept and the sphere of use they all have in the same way .
and it is clear that , in these circumstances , in a context where there is an attempt to reduce the costs of protection in a wide range of phased , firm target targets , there will be lighthouss and fast trawlers for the merciless business , rather than the wider conventional conventional war . let us stay .
&apos;My &apos;clock died , but I did not &apos; , was in the form of a manager and Raearo E. Irongman , with a wide smile of 70.3 fins .
it is true that , in the course of a whole half-long trialogue , the Nazi Raivoir was not burnt down .
what is more , by drink 21.1 kilometres , he got into the interlocutor : &apos; I spoke with one person at a time of a drink , one man walk away and wondered : &apos; Issman , you are also talking about &apos; !
Mr Raivo , who dared energy for cheese , went on a few times to speed .
Treenerr &apos;s recommendation .
&apos;Alain ALAR Juhall has said that there is no point in pushing for , because there is such a rise , and there is little difference in time whether drink or motorways say &apos; . you can hear what you are talking about .
at the same time , it was able to draw the times of hard times , and it was also possible to breathe on the left and to share better interview after the finishing fingers .
as if 1.9 kilometres behind us were not flooded , 90 kilometres of cycling and 21.1 kilometres of drink .
&apos;I think that it is not my treet that I can enjoy this competition &apos; , recognises the training entrepreneur in January and to date my body of 16 kilogram in Raivoro &apos;s discontent .
and , as far as the interviews are concerned , that was my wish to allow an interview after the finish .
I have been able to give an interview after any competition , and I had hoped that it would be nice to do so after Mr Iilman .
I thought , then , that it would be well if I am not on the west coast after Iron , and , on the contrary , it was in the skirkngale of Ravio finite that offered a rather more spectacular hand : hand in hand . it was a sincere joy .
there was also cause : Raivol took 1.9 / km 46 minutes for flooding and 24 seconds , 90 kilometres for 3 hours and 32 minutes and 21.1 / 18 minutes .
&apos;my heart has now been given to the trialogue &apos; , it is confirmed by Raivo , who is already saying in the finishing fence that he gave to sport , and that it took the cry .
I have already registered myself on 20 August with the Gran Fondwith - 230 kilometres from Tallinn .
so tomorrow , again , there will be a trend .
the third festival of the Weber Efestival .
so there was a lack of picking up of a pickle in the face of a whim who is trying to fly the wind in the throttle .
in the future , many of those who profired the festival would say that you and your eyes are full .
I think we have done quite well .
we have done well with our work and work &apos; , saying the police manager , Andres Shuman , how they have been affected for the first two days of the Weapons .
the human person says that even today , there are patrols and rapid reactions on the streets and that people are also in contact - perhaps they have questions and want to know how to react .
in two days , the police have had to deal with some fighting and also with drug cases .
&apos;There have been a few large amounts of drug addicts , but we will summarise when the Weber is over &apos; , say Shuman &apos; .
about 100 people have been through the police department for two days .
fortunately , there has been no need to resolve the exponential police cases .
by the way , the human person says that , when the sky comes with a sharp and horizontal reference , there is not much work for them .
one of the guardians of the police has ever said that the rain is like an extra package .
the Chief police have also made a star in the Weber extract where the things that have been found can be brought , and the same thing can be demanded there .
by the way , the police even wiped out one of their necessary reference , which was made by good people to inventions .
look at the videos that Mr Shuman Aral spoke about .
Mr Balticova , Mr Gunnar , speaks to the law that the festival started many years ago , Finland , and its owners were watching the coasts of Rihallia for enlargement , with the withdrawal of the Archia River . wake up and that was the case in Estonia .
Gunnanar says that they have committed 25 000 visitors a day , but they will only be classed when festival is over .
the preparation for the street beaten started as early as September .
&apos;We have had information from the town that last site begins with construction , there is a hotel , that Gunnar will speak about what change the Quartet had to face this year .
no Coppa can be seen there now , but it is thought that , if the KOPP did not go to May this year , the next one will be .
so perhaps we should have moved some way from there , he explains why the festival of the festival of the festival this year .
they are going through a year .
people work together between a thousand and a half thousand - police officers , a team , volunteers , traders , traders , security authorities and so on .
the most difficult thing , according to Vienna , was to present the Weber Embassy , to become a duo of Thaitsmokers .
after all , men are now a poppier without an indisputable representation .
why was it difficult to extract Mr Weber , and how Mr Gunnar will comment on the fact that two performers had withdrawn their representations , look at videos .
the West is coming from the memories of Estonia .
in Estonia , there have been a number of voices already hearing noise and see individual caps .
this afternoon , the weather service also gave rise to a sudden warning .
today , it is mainly in northern Estonia that there are several sides .
recreational clouds are moving fast from the West .
&apos;Excellency in the internal land of up to 15 , island and coasts is 18 / s , but it can lead to stronger nuclear bread on the website of the beautiful service .
however , a much larger hotline is raging in south-eastern Finland and Russia on the eastern half of St Petersburg .
fortunately , however , the wind is blowing from the West and the West in Estonia , which is why at least there is no threat at least for the major storms to turn to Estonia .
Finns organised their men to tanker .
when the first men &apos;s tanks were held in Rakalis 11 years ago , the organisers probably failed to see that the northern neighbours take the example of the small town of Estonia .
today , in Western Finland , however , the first flash of Finnish men is being held in Lapua .
&apos;Lpua &apos;s representatives from the last Friends of men in the town of Rakalis were so enthusiastic that they themselves wanted to organise something similar &apos; , Racharee Kaiwanton Pipelah .
&apos;This is the case today in Finland with the Lapua layer , Finland , in the context of 100 celebrations , has 2 of Mies-Tans-TAlliance , where there is also 100 men from Virkuul , warlal Pilahl .
according to Pihlad , this is an excellent example of good cooperation between the two cities of friendship .
it also celebrates the Jewish republics of Estonia and Finland for years .
among the saturated man , there is also a rot of 69 pens in the previous season in Karl Reintact .
&apos;It is a honour for me to be one of the hundred men who , with their participation in Finland , show what the people of Viru are able to do &apos; .
&apos;Rachae men have put everything in their excessive order to show a proper level for the northern neighbours &apos; , commenting on the Rachae Agazine , a member of the Mayor Government of Finland .
the presentation of the men of Virubar has placed the ardent head of Tarvangi , the ardent head of Tibet , together with the well-known compatriot leader , Elo House .
the refoulement of Estonians is based on a model of interest .
the first flash of Estonian men was organised in 2006 , and so far in 2015 in Rakalina .
although the attention of the media has been focused mainly on the Phijet and the Weber that is going on there , it is not the only one in the music affair of this weekend .
there is also a loyal festival of the Ingushetia that is taking place .
one of them writes , for example , Twitteras : &apos; I sold the Weber ticket so that I can go to Inquotation &apos; .
and why not .
in addition to domestic artists , the American , Finland , Lithuania , Hungary , England and others are also emerging .
the festival organised in the rural forest will surprise the shipwrecks there , too .
one of them , Lucas Rose , did not get bothered today in Twitterdam , when the beautiful place is Estonia .
but visitors , too , have not been narrow-down in the distribution of searches .
in order to get a part of the Efestival itself , the gaps also look at .
although we have reached the floor for weeks , you have not escaped the carpet .
there is still a handful of work full , and you are trying to spur other people up to speed .
it would be possible to forget the concerns and , together with a more expensive exit vehicle .
take the time for you to enjoy each other in some nurses , in a romantic place .
when we talk about the tar sands , the roads are burned , the big plans , that is to say , the promises ... what is already going to happen at a later date .
the other side , however , will recall your words .
the guest is somehow turbulent , it is difficult to focus on any action .
you may not be dependent on what is happening now , but on what has happened ever before .
when it comes to the difficult situation , too , it is possible to act quickly and in a rational manner .
it is possible that you are helping someone out of the lurch today , because you have enough intelligence and determination .
rather , there is a lack of concern for money and business .
it takes time to sink and sleep .
it may be tireless and it may well be nervous to take action by the People &apos;s Party .
it is possible that , without being experienced , there is a situation where there is a serious dispute during which you have to defend your views with great vigour .
if others go beyond the border , you will take that route .
you are better informed about the habitual environment by doing things that you can and which offer joy .
you are probably not looking for new knowledge and admissions .
it is a practice that you will probably never get full of content .
today , too , you are churning your compatriots .
what is happening may not be normal , however .
it may happen that , despite a free day , you still have to deal with the glass of tomatoes .
or then there was physically in the home , but there was still a discussion at the working table .
if you want steel housing , this can be done by travelling .
you are pulling yourself into the sequence , you have to agree to keep on the wave and to keep the balance .
we are also wasting our energy on discussing money .
it only takes up this issue if the situation really requires rapid and decisive intervention .
in Indonesia , a man who stolen three heels for mosques was burned out by the Hungarian news agency MTI .
a 30-year old theft of the capital , Jakarta , near the town of Bekui , snived with composers on 1 August , but a cogist marker and a silver : &apos; catch the black ! &apos;
Tuldi &apos;s help was immediately established to follow the theft .
it escaped the wheels and even flooded over the river .
the backlash lasted a couple of kilometres , one of the sins duled by the defendants was hit by a serious injury .
a crackdown on a recreational plant was able to catch the coffin and beat him .
one of the bearers of petrol and burned with a colossal tree .
Syria died at incinerators on the ground .
it was broadcast to Eastern Jakarta police hospital .
the police have taken up their possessions , not only with the fake wheels , but also the stolen herers .
in the local press , it was initially reported that it would not have been a theft , but rather an electric Montenegrin , who would have liked to have repairs .
the police have , however , flagged these allegations with determination .
the bullet has stated that it does not make a statement on what happened .
according to the German news agency DPA , this step is due to the fact that the trustees do not trust the police or judicial bodies in particular .
Indonesia is the world &apos;s largest Islamic country .
of the 255 million inhabitants , Muslims are as many as 8.2 % .
Estonian children &apos;s rivalry is influenced by multifs .
if , in Europe and America , a child often shaped by what is the children of the art of the art , or of the rumours , Estonian parents opt for their debt ideas on the basis of what is happening .
the small carrot of Georgia is becoming a mother , a herbal , a herbal Cahternine .
just like his mother , the carrot can unleash a real shopping madness in people &apos;s clothing , which has even become a concept in its own right - the stick of George George .
the last section of this kind took place a few weeks ago during the visit of the King family to Poland , where , in George Tiza , the Spanish brary of EUR 10 , a jig-red bulldog of 24 boys , of which were painsbored . you bought a hour .
of course , there was not a great deal among those who came from Estonia , because the late children of the King children seem to be leaving our parents completely cold .
Mrs Anstunt , the head of communication , is saying that the children of star couples and the mowns of foreign mopeds , in general , do not affect their parents &apos; purchases .
in Estonia , there are films , multifaceted and YouTube channels with regard to childcare .
so , for the most popular products of recent years , there are the thugs , pictures with the multi-Frozen , cooks , rites or cooks , strains and so on &apos; .
at the same time , he confirms that , if they so wish , in Estonia , their children can also be placed in the same way as European printers or printed stunts .
the man was held hostage to a flora plan to sell fire on the web .
the Polish citizen took hostage in Italy to the British motto .
on the planet , a 20-year-old woman was planned to auction on the web , which was skimmed online , known as Guardian .
the police reported that a woman was attracted by 11 July Milan , with a promise that he could work on photography .
instead , he was stunned and brought to fruition near Torino .
arguably , a woman was attempting to sell GBP 230 000 on a meagre web , and he submitted a modelinelip service to the Army .
on 17 July , a woman &apos;s prisoner , however , led him to a British consulate .
according to the police , a Polish citizen , Lutsaz Herba , who lives in Britain is under suspicion .
the newspaper Corridella , Sera , stated that the man found that the kidnapped woman had a small child and did not want to sell him into sex slaves .
as a result of the profiteering of the department , the delicate data of vulnerable children of negligence were published .
as a result of the worrying violation of information , the personal data of children of careless grounds were mistakers of a child , including information on whether they are sexually active .
the e-mail table , which included the names of all children in the town of Victoria city , the birthday , location , and the specific concerns and points that require attention .
the e-mail exposed every child &apos;s place of life .
it has been pointed out on the list that one 13-year-old boy has been released against remoteness and that sexual behaviour shows that a 15-year-old girl who has problems with self-injury , the abuse and running of certain substances is without boys &apos; . &apos;Now not this evening &apos; , and that one 14-year-old boy needs help with &apos; caring for themselves &apos; , and is vertically aggressive and physically threatening .
the table appears to be the transfer document , which was intended to send an exchange to the audience .
the document contains notes as to when some children can wait home or whether they can contact themselves in order to catch up with staff .
there are a number of details concerning some children that are worryingly provided .
on 15 years of boy , a warning has been written : &apos; when the staff contact to obtain a permit for searching and / or laptops / USs for a review of inappropriate sexual material , this authorisation must be granted &apos; .
the document also states that a 17-year-old girl , who will receive only three months after 18 and will be released from a welfare institution , is at risk of an suicide test so much that the staff will need to call an emergency immediately in the event of his flight .
on the 16-year-old boys released , it was stated that he was outside and &apos; will contact the staff later to get to him &apos; .
although there is only mention of the name of a accommodation unit where children are held and not addressed to them , there are still plenty of details so that they can be found .
the figures for 2015 came out when the mother , Fairfax MEIAEA , shared his experience in dealing with health and service ministries and with child protection from her daughter four years ago .
he agreed to share his concerns now , when his daughter had received 18 and left systems .
the heart-rending decision to hand over the protection of children was taken after the violent incident at home , and this case is one of the increasing numbers of complaints relating to violence against their children by parents .
it had worrying consequences , which the mother could never have foreseen , for example , in six months &apos; time he was able to obtain seven criminal charges after leaving the home , he was moved to hundreds of kilometres in the cholera and cholera , in which he could successfully cope . but then he was moved back without informing parents , accepting and facilitating the relationship between the two daughters and the old man for his daughter .
the relationship with the first of these boys friends , with the 17-year period , with whom the welfare authorities promised to attend a school regularly at the time of 15 years in a local hotel , when a young man was submitted a few days after the age of 18 years of age . communication .
&apos;Why did he get out of the system in a worse situation than when he came to it ? &apos; he asks the mother ?
&apos;What does this happen to all caremongering children ? &apos;
he is very much in favour of creating a body that would allow health and service ministries to allow children to be traced in the first few weeks after they are moved to their homes .
this would enable them to understand better how children communicate with others and what risks and their needs are , especially educational .
the government of the country is looking for new ways of reducing the need to place children into domestic care by trying , among other things , to better support their parents .
a firm focus of aid packages , financed by USD 62 million over four years , is aimed at helping to transmit children from domestic care to situations of better organisation .
furthermore , a two-year experiment of 5.6 million , which was made public by last October , will allow professional carers to at least 28 children in order to help them to get out of or prevent them from getting out of care .
according to the representative of the department , information leakage was not officially reported when it happened , although the mother claims to inform the two departments of the department in a few months &apos; time after the incident .
the department is now cooperating with the service provider to examine the case .
&apos;Our work to ensure that this has not had a negative impact on young people concerned &apos; is taken very seriously .
in July last year , the Minister for families and children , Jenny Moniktas , commissioned an independent review of the privacy incidents during the five-year period .
the department accepted the seven recommendations resulting from this and has subsequently updated the code of child protection to ensure that the staff clearly understands their roles and activities relating to privacy , changed IT systems to ban the automatic concentration of certain personal data , and have formally looked at the privacy of the department . the tests .
so far , Woody Johnson , New York Jeti owner , was approved in Britain .
Johnson was the largest financial supporter of the Presidency during the presidential campaign and was appointed in November to the financial leader of his invaguard office .
the long-term Republican donor , Johnson , also helped to collect money for George W. Bush , John McCin and Mr Romney , when they were candidates for the party .
he acted in the 2016 campaign earlier on as the Bush financial leader .
Johnson and Johnson . Johnson . Johnson .
in the past , the United States Ambassador , Mr Barzun , was in Britain .
Mr Barroso appointed Barack Obama in 2013 and he gave his post back in January of this year before he was appointed .
Cambriddden slen should have been entitled &apos; right to death &apos; .
Cambridddden slethes of a deadlocked disease in childhood , according to his mother , should have been allowed to put an end to his life .
Mr Kenyan , who was a member of the Hysoysoyman , was angered after three years of struggle with newer needs , which caused him &apos; extreme pain , suffering and loss of dignity &apos; to be allowed to die .
in the case of the 3 44-year-year-olds , a brain diagnose was diagnosed in 2014 , but , according to his mother , he suffered horrendously before he died in the end of May .
Mrs Eeley , 65 , Newburg Bernyo , has called for a change in law that would allow people who are suffering from a deadly disease and who are mentally competent to control their death &apos; .
he said that the death of the daughter in the torture camp led to a &apos; serious trauma &apos; , and he wanted the law to allow him to put in place a plan that would have allowed him to die with dignity when his status worsened .
the English author will publish the book in Lithuanian .
&apos;Helpt Hand &apos; is Michasi , the former editor of the BBC and the first book of two children , and he has written to the press in the past to Singapore Tatler .
it took three years to complete the book , and it is devoted to her filibusters , Marickas , Espicyn and Ginalyn Narray , who will help food preparation and the four-year-old Japt , and tyranny . lorny for keeping the bar .
the helpless he describes as &apos; family members &apos; helped to test the prescriptions during the writing of the book , which is the first such a book in Singapore , which will be published in English and return .
&apos;Helpse Hand &apos; is available in libraries at all costs in Singapore in Singapore , 3990 SGD centres , and also emigrants abroad , including in Hong Kong , Malaysia , Vietnam and the Philippines .
Mrs Christie is talking about how she has overcome the horrors of Sotchi and the cyber bulwark to sleep again on behalf of the gold .
compared to this fragile young woman , who recently considered to be a Pisticionist for once to have been left , 26-year-old Christie unknown has become unfamiliar .
she was sounded out of her feet , especially because she was also fed to school as a child in Wold Lothithian .
at the moment , he is covering self-confidence and believes that the challenge can come back to the bottom point , bringing at least one gold in Congress .
&apos;If course I want to get out of the Olympic winner &apos; , he says without fear of clarifying the objective .
&apos;I feel that I am both poor and spiritually in the right place to deal with it &apos; .
he never dreamed of a festival of innovation until the primary elements started to reduce this interest .
&apos;I was a very good anthem , but I had difficulty with the arts &apos; side , he said in laughing .
&apos;I was not particularly good in elegant , in order .
it was a reasonable choice , because short-term storage is best suited to my personality .
Vietnam &apos; regrets the &apos; kidnapping of the kidnapping of Germany .
in Vienna , on Thursday , we regret the comments made by the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs , which accuse the Vietnamese intelligence service to the abduction of the former oil carrier , who is searched in the country because of their identity charges .
the German authorities believe that Thomas Xuuuan Thanh was seized by Berlin , which left Vietnam &apos;s rereacts on Wednesday 48 hours to leave the country .
Thanh is faced with allegations of appropriation , which is accompanied by the death penalty in the event of a conviction .
he sought asylum in Germany , but his statement was not yet up to work when the Vietnamese authorities called for his extradition .
Mr Khang , a representative of the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , said to the reporters that these comments are &apos; extremely regrettable &apos; and Thanh gave himself to the police in Vietnam on 31 July .
&apos;Vietnam always considers important and wants to develop strategic relations with Germany &apos; without going into the details .
Thanh , 51 , disappeared from last July , after he was initially charged with dishonest management at the level of the national oil and gazine , Petrororogant of Vietnam , which brought about the losses of approximately USD 150 million .
the Vietnamese police issued arrest warrants in September .
in March , the police launched an investigation to investigate the alleged participation of the police in the property reconstruction project .
Thanh was the Chairman of Mr Construm , Joint Stock , until 2013 , when he was appointed to several senior positions in government , including the Chair of the province of Hau , in the south of Medelsong . that is what we are doing .
he was elected to the National Assembly in May 2016 , but was exempt from the overwhelming majority of Communists from the legislative body before the first sitting in the coming month .
he was also thrown out of the Communist Party .
in Germany , on Tuesday , the Ambassador of Vietnam was invited to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and he was told that Germany would be demanding the return of Thanh so that the asylum and extradition procedures could be put into practice correctly .
the findings of the investigation show that printed seeds are also spread .
like birds and mammals , printer seeds are also spreading .
these pumps are known mainly as laguns , who are helping to dismantle forest rockets into parts .
however , the Georgians are also helping to spread the seeds .
Japanese scientists found that printed carrots play an important role in spreading seed by Monotrom .
it is an unusual plant .
it does not contain a carrot , which is why it is not capable of being photographed .
instead , the species is becoming its food products from growing seaflet .
Taim is poisoning small flavour crops on forest .
in Villiers , there is very little maize or no gender , and the Japanese researchers found that poultry and mammals are not interested in them as a food source .
only a handful of spineless consumption of arable and forest carrot , Blattel , was the only species that regularly visited fruit .
investigators inspected carrots to determine whether these pumps help us to spread the seeds .
scientists found that , on average , three beds were expelled after eating fruit .
further tests have confirmed that most of the seed seeds were viable .
scientists suggest that this unique plant elite has probably learned to take advantage of the ability to spread printed seeds during evolution .
we are drowning the ground close to the ground , and they are ready at the same time when the fragility is getting out of the original stadium .
researchers published their findings this week in the Botanana Journal of the Linnean Society .
&apos;taking into account that some 4600 carrots have been identified so far , the dissemination of seed with printed carrots can be much more extensive and still not simply a mechanism of undocumented plants , and not just the unique profiteering of a fixed plant . the co-professor of Naoto Sugivaa , Klassito .
&apos;Calls that public findings encourage people to pay more attention to the relationship between flora and prinklers and look for further examples of how printed seeds are spreading &apos; .
Flyyyd presented a report on the disclosure of improved information , which shows additional payments .
Mr Flyyyn , who served , for a short while , as a adviser to the national security adviser , presented on Thursday a report on the publication of improved federal financial information containing new details of Flynynn agreements on the transfer of President ID . the company &apos;s mother tongue has been working for a business man and for a truck campaign .
in the letter , which sent information with improvements , Flyyyas stated that his initial reports on the disclosure of information had been submitted in accelerated circumstances without the regular consultation and review provided by the Equitable Mage and Government of the Ethics Office .
according to the letter , Flyyas &apos; part of the Flye was not allowed to pass on to others , as he was no longer an &apos; Made and worker &apos; at that time .
Flyyso-called relinna gave his post only 24 days after his inaugural office , in the middle of the hearing that he had given Vice-President Place to misleading information about his post-election links with the Russian ambassador in the United States .
Flyyyte also received criticisms of the external payments made during the course of his work in the private sector following the removal of the post of the Director of the Defence Agency in 2014 .
in the past , the information published to researchers from the House of Representatives declared that in 2015 , approximately 68 000 dollars were paid and disbursed from entities linked to Russia .
in addition to the income relating to Russia , the information provided on Thursday revealed that Flyyyas has received at least USD 5 000 for a consultation service in the construction project for nuclear power stations in the Middle East .
the work on the Flynni project was published earlier , but it was not known that he was paid for it .
the updated information also confirms that Flyso-called had agreed to cooperate with SCL Groupm - at the time Cambriddden Analytica with the British parent companies - that is , the Donaltrue Group campaign .
one of the main donors of the Cambriddges is the magnavigator of hedge funds , Robert L. maritime , whose daughter Rebekah is a financial supporter of the Conservatives .
Washington Post stated in February that the Flyyyd &apos; salary was paid for the SCL Gropine adviser .
according to those who know his role , Flynn was aimed at helping SCLC American subsidiaries to win new public contracts with the United States .
at the same time , SCL asked the public poet of the head of the public poet , a Flynynn colleague , to take the lead in trying to get public contracts .
Flyyyd , a person who is familiar with his activities , said that he was not receiving any compensation from the SCLs and did not work in practice .
the new information was revealed that Flyynyi became a manager of around 28 000 dollars in the transfer of the presidential office .
the largest dissociated source of revenue is USD 140 000 for the work of Flynynn NK Holdkonp and consultancy in Minsk , and this company is led by Nasser Kazemy , now born in the United States of America . that is what we are doing .
the Associations reported on Thursday evening from the statement of the NJK , that &apos; gave FlynyNK to the Netherlands to consult with the interest of investing in business securities &apos; .
the NJK finances a technology company , GreenZone Systems , of which the Deputy Chair is Fly.&apos;
Bijan Kian , Flynn &apos;s business partner in Flynynn , a business partner in Flyny , a business that is currently under investigation on behalf of a company operating in the Netherlands , which is linked to the Turkish Government .
earlier on Thursday , Elister Englishs ( M. ) , a leading democrat in the Committee on the supervision of the House of Representatives and government reform , requested information on foreign business contacts and travel by Mr Kunynni .
during the earlier security check , Flynn said to the military investigators of Kian that he had several foreign commercial contact partners .
according to CUMINS , Flyyas &apos;s but same investigators said nothing about these contacts .
according to people who are familiar with the situation , Flyyas was , despite that , a security check was carried out at that time .
