is there a solution at last to avoid the thorny robots ?
for Michael Rizzo , answering the phone is often a waste of time .
his Sport Citty Pizza Pub , based in Buffalos in New York , depends on customers ring ring and ordering canions , sticks and potatoes .
however , for a large part of the time , this is an automatic message that is trying to push through fraud .
&apos;That is getting to the point that it does not allow other generors to take us &apos; , a 24-year-old bar owner said .
aid is on track , albeit slowly .
over the past year , at the government &apos;s instigation on mobile phones , new tools have been put in place to prevent unwanted &apos; robotoutlets &apos; .
the Federal Commissides has proposed enabling telephone companies to block more dirty calls and hopes to bury petitions with heavy fines .
according to the experts , these steps are not a definitive solution , but they are a good start .
the federalist and shareholders in non-generous countries should protect people from unwanted calls from long-distance distributors .
however , the fraudsters are not interested in breaking the law .
fraudsters reach people cheaply and easily , using &apos; automatic voters &apos; , which automatically make a lot of speeches at the same time .
it is estimated that the Americans receive tens of millions of robots a day .
of course , not all of them are fraudulent .
pharmacies , for example , send automated messages about compliance with prescriptions .
however , all too often , the situation is as follows : be indebted to the tax authority ; Microsoft calls for your computer to be done ; free cruids !
in addition , junior users use complex technologies , which show a telephone call for a local or important figure , such as a tax authority .
the implementation of appropriate measures for &apos; fusion &apos; figures would aggravate fraud and would help US consumers to save millions of dollars , as stated in the Secretariat-General &apos;s document .
telephone companies and independent applications are able to screen or block unwanted speeches , compared to the databases of the known problem numbers and looking at dubious behaviour , such as the number , which calls for many people in non-call permits .
leading service providers will also have the tools that add warnings to incoming speeches such as &apos; Tynically sham &apos; , but they are not available to all the telephone and many customers with a repaid card .
they can be ordered from Verizon and Sprint for an additional charge .
some Android-phone phones , including Google Pixel , call junk calls free of charge .
a Multimedia producer , Jen Vargas ( 39 ) Ordinost Floridas , said that his AT &amp; T application will mark and block certain fraudulent speeches on his mobile phone , but he has given up on telephone lines .
&apos;Let me take very rare conversations from figures I do not know &apos; said in Wargas .
applications such as YouMail and Nomorobi offer free but limited relief to domestic phones .
in the case of YouMail , the operator must allow &apos; conditional calls to be directed &apos; , which will drive forward speeches if the route is not answered or occupied .
Nomorobo is not available for all domestic telephone providers and does not work with parents , vase-based telephone lines .
it is also possible to buy vines , some of them quite large , which are blocking calls on home phones .
Verizon also tests the display of warnings about shady calls in the number of home telephones .
telephone companies are already able to block certain speeches that are fraudulent .
Fcc has proposed rules for the formalisation of such practices and allowing the blocking of other calls for suspicion of fraud .
this means that Verizon can block a tax-free number , which speaks for remuneration , but never begins at all .
it would also be possible for operators to block speeches in which they know that they are not legitimate , such as the 911 reference figures .
these rules still need to be fine-tuned .
Maureen Mahoney , a public order block in a not-for-profit consumer union , said that these developments are &apos; hopeful &apos; , but do not protect consumers from all unwanted calls .
firstly , applications will not be generous to certain types of chargers , such as creditors and political campaigns .
moreover , the franc rules would cover only false figures , according to Mahoney .
not all rotten speeches are intended to be trifling .
the consumer union wants telephone companies to make tools for blocking calls accessible to all consumers free of charge .
in the long term , the Flec industry supports efforts to confirm that it is really the charger that he claims to be .
perhaps one day it will be possible to see the smart phone from the green poultry when the charter is legitimate .
U.S. Telecom , a lobbyist for telecom companies , says that it can take several years to introduce it , but it would be a powerful tool against the Roma people .
Fcc is also looking for ways of ending the succession of inexorable speeches to consumers who change the number .
if you register yourself now in a no-call permit but obtain a new figure later on , the distributor may not know that and may be bogged down in the new line .
&apos;Robotheliners will stay &apos; , Aaron Foss Nomorobi , a service to block calls for mobile and home telephones , said .
&apos;They are criminal and find a new way to bypass any system .
but it is our job to make it as difficult as possible for them &apos; .
there are several logical measures that consumers should take .
do not turn up on the phone if you do not know the number .
yes , this is unfortunately not practical for business directories such as Sports City .
cut off unwanted speeches .
do not speak up against or press any button .
when you deal with them , they can mention you as someone who reacts and bury you with more speeches .
if possible , close the number after your speech .
use the applications to block calls .
if you have concerns about privacy , check the rules of the application in order to see whether it shares your information or contact data with the distributors .
do not issue personal data to the alarmists , such as the bank account or the social security figure .
the Nordea and DNB joint bank will become a reality at the end of the year .
the merger of the financial grouping , bearing the name of the DNB and Nordea Baltic units Luminori , will only take place in the last quarter of this year , will be the Business Day .
the opening of the doors of a common legal system has been delayed .
following the publication of the accession plans in the summer of the soil , the banks indicated that the completion of the transaction could remain in the second quarter .
in April , however , the head of the DNB communication said that the matter would be broken into the third quarter .
indeed , in view of the regional importance of the United Nations Bank , the Swedish Financial Inspectorate granted additional instructions to Luminor .
the Russian railway is exploring the possibility of launching the St Peterburi-Kaliningradi-Berlin traveller .
the Russian railway is exploring the possibility of outsourcing the Berlin St Petersburg train via Kaliningrad , reported by Viktor Golomolzin Interfax to Severo-Zapad , the Director of the Kaliningrad railway .
the traffic monument talks about the fact that , from an economic point of view , the redeployment of Kaliningradi-Berlin trains is hardly possible .
and we are offering a second route - Berliin-Kaliningrad-Petersburg .
there are technical options for this in terms of both infrastructure and water management &apos; , said Golomolzin .
another point was made by Mr Golomolzin that there are already Russian trains that can exchange track widths and continue to move on to a European track record .
Golomolzin thinks that this direction is in the prospect , because right now the inhabitants of St Petersburg and the whole north-west of Russia have to travel to Germany through Moscow and Bresti .
as a possible option , the press spokesperson for Latvia &apos;s Delfi , Mâris Ozols , who says that there is no concrete decision at the moment , has been confirmed by the Latvian rail route , confirmed by the Latvian Delfi .
Latvia &apos;s railways , together with partners , including Russian railways , are looking for the possibility of increasing competitiveness in serving the flow of passengers so that rail transport can compete with road transport .
the Chinese company , which came to Estonia , immediately made EUR 100 million in a bail-out .
the Chinese , in their domination , the myth of agricultural produce , Agritera , which only started last year , received almost EUR 100 million in value .
the profits were made at nearly EUR 2 million , they are writing business day .
the company &apos;s annual report on the financial year shows that the sales revenue from the CIS for the purchase of agricultural produce and for wholesale sales in 2016 reached EUR 100.6 million .
the profits were made at EUR 1.91 million .
in the past year , there was no economic activity in the enterprise .
an average of 3 people worked in the company , and there were no employees in 2015 .
the turnover per worker reached EUR 33.6 million , the average gross salary was EUR 316 per month .
we already have a four-day working week , but not the one we are waiting for .
open office .Foto : Scanpix , PantherMedia / Wavebreakvia Ltd .
many Estonians already have their own 48-day working week .
however , it is not as they would expect it to be a day of business .
it has been created by a modern planning of premises or an open office .
in Seinteta &apos;s office , the magazine Harvard Business Reviw gives us staff for nearly 1.5 hours a day , almost an entire day of work , takes an empty week .
however , when it comes to four working days and three rest days in the week of Thursday , such a forced solution is worse than that .
for 1.5 hours of working time , the focus on family and hobbies or recreation , mixed work , increasing irritation and anxiety , and declining the will to work , has been spent with difficulties .
how do you finance the vehicles of the company ?
in a changing consumer society , the financing opportunities for the vehicles of the enlarged companies have become a means of financing , with more and more companies going to full service , or rather a more mandatory long-term authoritative .
vehicle leasing and leasing are two clearly different financial transactions , which involve a variety of responsibilities and expectations , but which often still cause confusion .
according to the view of Vill Tbeet , the head of the international author &apos;s company , of Estonia &apos;s sales and marketing leader , that companies are increasingly moving towards full service , and that the possibility of long-term renting is increasingly being used .
the fire pointed out the main issues for which , in search of answers , it is possible to choose the appropriate way of using a vehicle .
how long can the vehicle be used ?
the greatest difference in car leasing and running is the time for use .
&apos;Clease it is worth favouring the need for a longer-term vehicle , when the company has a plan to introduce commercial vehicles for a longer period &apos; , explained the fire , adding that it would be worthwhile to decide in favour of the company if it is to have a vehicle , a full service or a long-term leaf , if a vehicle is to be used perhaps on a day-to-day basis , but leaving the maintenance service with an opt-out on a daily basis .
&apos;Rendiar cars have a much shorter application period than the lifeline period , but many large large car rental companies also offer a long-term writer , where the lease of a car is done without complex contracts and without free return &apos; , they introduced different ways of leasing a car .
who will become the vehicle owner ?
at the end of the process , a rental car owner will be the owner .
&apos;in the case of the distribution of services , at the end of the lifespan period , it will be possible to carry on with the same or better conditions as liistarism , replacing a new vehicle that meets the needs of the company &apos; , by visiting it , stressing that as the consumer society is increasingly moving from service to service average consumption , vehicle ownership of the company is a supplementary duty to the company .
furthermore , in the case of a full service service , the possibility of buying a car on the basis of a desire and agreed conditions is also an option for itself .
however , leisure is not an option and it is only paid for the period of use .
the merging of a car generally takes place in the representations of car firms and the leasing of a car from the temporary pool of temporary companies .
while car companies &apos; offices are primarily involved in the sale of vehicles , they also offer the possibility of a journey and , in some cases , also an authoritative .
however , car companies have the sole aim of letting them out .
let me tell you that the reasons for the use of rental services are different - many companies are leasing their companies , in addition , it is convenient to use the service when they are in the form of forgiveness or holidays , or when their car is in an amendment .
&apos;The head of business vehicles &apos; is increasingly switching to full service travel , providing a customer with transparency of costs , time savings in the purchasing , use and recovery processes of vehicles and greater comfort &apos; , presented a growing libel head for sales and marketing .
every year , more and more companies use full service arrangements for their fleet , thereby optimising their spending and focusing on their main business .
what is a service-based insurance cover ?
if a lided car is to be compulsory catering and traffic insurance , then the rent car is mostly covered by bar insurance and , in addition , it has to be decided whether to include , for example , emergency insurance , theft insurance or full insurance ; &apos; if you compare the plant with the full service club , the customer receives an equivalent monthly payment , as in addition to the vehicle insurance and the payment of six hours , will also cover the offspring . tyre shifts and other agreed services &apos; explained the roads .
&apos;whereas in the case of any new vehicle , a full service carrier will be able to choose a vehicle that meets the wishes and needs of a company , which will also take into account the functions of the use &apos; , he will be equal to stressing that the full service operation will definitely help optimise the costs associated with the car fleet of the company .
&apos;The choice of vehicles depends , however , on the trader car park - the various rent companies offer both small and economical vehicles in their vehicle fleet for urban traffic and the luxury sedar for business meetings &apos; .
of course , in the tight renting period , it may happen that the desired car has already been thrown out , but against it it it will contribute to the early booking of the desired vehicle .
by choosing between merging or leasing , the objectives should first be clarified - how long the desire is to use the vehicle and what are long-term plans for the car .
it is certainly worth looking carefully at the different conditions and obligations of services as well .
how one man built a figure of USD 51 million on his daughter .
a living father in Texas found that there were no issues in which the daughter of his disability could be played .
he therefore decided to build one for himself .
Gordon HARTMAN had just come out of a boom on family holidays , when his 12-year-old daughter , Morgan , approached other children playing in water .
he tried to battle with them , but they quickly left the basin .
HARTMAN thinks that they will lose out because they do not know how to deal with a disabled person - the Morgan has a five-year cognitive vision and also a form of a certain autism .
this incident left him to be haunt .
&apos;The body is a young girl in the abyss .
a meeting with him will always bring a laughter and he certainly wants to bite .
however , there have been many times in which we have not been able to place him in different places &apos; he says .
HARTMAN and her husband Maggie asked others of their parents where they could lead their daughters - wherever they feel comfortable and others feel comfortable when they were with them .
&apos;We came to the conclusion that there is no such inclusive place &apos; says HARTMAN .
he therefore decided in 2007 to build it for itself .
the former real estate contractor sold his house construction companies back in 2005 to set up Gordon HARTMAN Foundy Foundation - a non-profit group that would help people with disabilities .
he then started the creation of the &apos; first most accessible area of the world &apos; .
&apos;We wanted to set up a thematic park where everything can be done where people with special needs and no special needs can play &apos; says HARTMAN .
he invited doctors , steelworks , parents and others with disabilities and people without disabilities to consult on the installation .
they were erected in San Antonios Texas .
the park called Morgan Wonderland cost USD 34 million ( GBP 26 million ) and opened in 2010 .
these tracks include perfectly accessible examinations , a sample playing field and minong .
visitors to Hartman often say that they only had the opportunity to experience such atrotations for the first time .
there is a carousel that has metaphonised translations specifically for wheelchairs that move up and below animals .
however , HARTMAN points out that the Morgan was afraid of driving at the outset .
&apos;When we opened , he did not dare to go to that .
he did not understand why this is going around and why the animals go up and go down &apos; says HARTMAN .
it took three years before the Morgan agreed to go to the carousel .
&apos;First he just stood close to that , then he looked at the cream , but we did not launch the wars .
it was a slow process , but now he loves to drive it .
getting over something that frightened him meant a lot for him .
the small things achieved by playing are making a big difference &apos; .
since its opening , Morgan Wonderland has visited more than one million people from 67 countries and 50 of all the American states .
a third of the staff are disabled and entry is free for anyone with a certain condition .
&apos;If I realised that Morgan was one of the happy , because it has many things that it needs .
I did not want prices to be an obstacle to other people with special needs &apos; , says HARTMAN .
&apos;Let us open every year , knowing that we are going to lose at least one million dollars ( GBP 750 000 ) , and we must back it with the help of the cleaners and partners &apos; .
this year , the subject park Morgan Inspiration extended with the opening of Iceland , or of a fully accessible water park .
&apos;in July , fewer people went to the park because the wheelchairs became too hot .
so we decided to set aside a water park , talks HARTMAN .
in some parts of the island , heat and water has been used to help visitors with meat problems .
there are watertight mobile wheelchairs available that work with suppressive air rather than batteries .
it is also possible to travel on the river to a boat .
a total of USD 17 million ( GBP 13 million ) .
&apos;The man Inspirative in Iceland came to me and just kept me out &apos; says HARTMAN .
&apos;he pointed to his son , who has serious special needs , and he began to complain .
he said that his son had not been able to play in water before &apos; .
according to Hartman &apos;s claim , there are no three parks of every four visitors with disabilities and the parks will have exactly the effect he had hoped for .
&apos;That helps people understand that , while we are different in certain ways , we are , in fact , exactly the same &apos; , he says .
&apos;Why saw a girl in a wheelchair went to another , without special needs , and they started to play together .
it was a real leap &apos; .
Hartman does not intend to open up any more parks , even though he has received a mail and hundreds of letters by sea from people who would also like a park in his neighbour .
instead , it focuses on providing young people with special needs in San Antonio with educational facilities .
&apos;I know that there are many different organisations trying to build something like Morgans Wonderland elsewhere , and we will continue to work with them &apos; , he will add .
it continues to play a role in the Morgan - the body there is now a kind of vocabulary .
&apos;If he comes here , he is like a Swede !
many people want to talk to him and do a picture with him , they do it well &apos; , says HARTMAN .
Morgan , which is now 23 years old , can do things better and better .
&apos;he is now talking more , and most of his physical problems have been solved by numerous operations .
we are so proud that he has come so far &apos; .
when Morgan park visits , it likes to play the most in the skies and in the sand , without knowing how much it has helped others .
&apos;The body knows that the park has become his name , but I do not think he understands what it actually represents and how it has changed lives &apos; , says HARTMAN .
&apos;he does not understand that the way he has handled things in life has made him a real source of inspiration &apos; .
the call to find motorists in connection with the rape of two girls in Witton .
the police are trying to find two drivers in connection with investigation into the rape of a 14-year-old girl .
a teenagraph was attacked in Birmingham in the Witton region on 26 July at around 2 : 00 ( BST ) .
before that attack , he was raped at the Witton plant .
in connection with the first case , an accusation has been made against one man .
the British transport police want to speak as part of the investigation with two motorists .
according to the police , the first car hedlet is the wall .
the inspector , Tony Fitzpatrick , said : &apos; we have grounds to believe that the driver of this vehicle spoke to the plant with a victim before he queued up and then raped the car .
we would like to know what was said in this conversation ; in addition , the driver may know the important details that would help us in the investigation &apos; .
the driver of the second vehicle , which was , according to the description , red VW Sharan , probably brought the victim home after he had been raped for a second time .
Genie , the extra-cancer cat , was known as &apos; yearly box &apos; .
the rescued boy , who served his or her offender for therapeutic treatment , was described as a &apos; yearly box &apos; .
Genie was recognised because he confused his owner , Evie Henderson ( 11 ) , six chemistry .
the Evie diagnosed a poet cancer in March 2016 and the Genie company , he said , helped to cope with a series of painful operations and long time spent in hospital .
the cat was recognised by the Cats Protection in the London ceremony by the charity organisation .
the magazine : according to Evie , the cat was behind him when he lost his long brokers because of chemistry .
&apos;In my view , he is the best .
he deserves that .
he has always existed for me &apos; , said Evie .
&apos;he came to my stone jalk and he sat next to my feet .
he trusted the pig and the fake in a diamen to sink my songs on my breath .
when I was too sick to be able to visit friends or to go out , and I had to sit at home , he came to me and it changed me much more joy , offering a great deal of consolation .
according to Evie , he has a special link with his favourite cream , which was of huge support for him when he lost his hair because of curiorous treatment .
&apos;That left me very out because I had long brown hairs .
however , because the park was shouting , the Genie was similarly harsh and the fact that I lost my hair and Genie himself was a little mitigated by the whole shock .
Evie Father Chris Henderson said that the cake has been a &apos; great dissident &apos; and he described how Evie &apos; had the habit of looking at his loved pets in the hospital bed .
&apos;Evie was in hospital for more than 300 days , so we spent a lot of time there , and that offered him something to expect if he got home for some valuable days &apos; .
a 11-year-old word : &apos; I wanted him every day when I was in hospital , and my family said that he is looking at me as well .
he is my best friend and I really do not know what I will do without him .
the group will urge the government to agree on transitional conditions in Brext .
one of the largest groups of business lobbyists in Britain is urging the government to stop dancing around the periphery of Brexti .
Instites of Directors ( IoD ) called on the government to come up with a request for a &apos; transitional agreement &apos; in order to make the Brex dynamic .
it wants the government to create the &apos; Brext gap &apos; between leaving the EU and setting up new trade agreements .
the group warned that , without such an agreement , business activity would face &apos; short-term chaotic calcalorie fluctuations &apos; .
they criticised the government for &apos; transfer &apos; to all kinds of speculative disputes &apos; .
in recent weeks , the members of the government have put forward conflicting views on how long the transitional period will last and what it will bring .
the IoD report entitled &apos; Building the Brext divide - options for transition &apos; says : &apos; instead of running the problem far away , the government must provoke a strategic debate on this issue .
this could minimise the increasing confusion and uncertainty in this area &apos; .
however , this week , Gerard Lyon , economist and group Economists for Brex , expressed concern about the &apos; volatile Brexti &apos; Brext as &apos; panic panacea &apos; , which resembles the exchange of fear of YK &apos;s computer programming error on the MDGs .
Mr Hammond warned in June : &apos; there is a large number of commercial investments to be postponed until companies see more clearly what the likely outcome of these discussions is &apos; .
Allie Renison , IoD EL-EU and Trade Policy leader said , &apos; Cantslel is entitled to worry about the procrastination of business investment .
this is one of the most commonly viewed changes that need to be addressed in connection with Brexon , alongside the relocation of operations to the EU .
the latter applies especially to IoD members in Northern Ireland , who are currently considering co-location or relocation &apos; .
the IoD proposes several options , including the following : the extension of the Article 50 agreement from March 2019 .
accession to the European Economic Area
agreement to remain beyond the scope of EU legislation .
the creation of a transitional customs agreement , in the same way as the EU customs union .
Renison said : &apos; IoD proposed these opportunities in relation to the transition , hoping that it will spark a proper debate on how best to bring Brex to a conclusion .
prioritising interim arrangements and thereby alleviating the risks of exit from the EU means that short-term chaotic volatility will not diminish future opportunities &apos; .
Australian species are at risk .
professional sport stands at a crossroads in Australia : some areas have migrated on a corporate path so far that they are too business centres to classify sport ;
others are returning to the amateur world , which is too sport to be regarded as a business .
this confusion is demonstrated by the painful delays from Crick Australia ( ca ) in obtaining a wage settlement with players , the undetermined dismissal of the Australian Union ( debate ) , the uprising of the stakeholders in Australia &apos;s football feda ( ffa ) , the rushing together of an independent commission that is too workable , and the Australian FAL to be intransigent among the people and their flag for social justice .
the Investment Bank and John Wylie , Chair of the Australian Committee on Sport , have endeavoured to push the Olympic campaign actively along the same lines as professional occupations , placing businessmen at the top positions who have no elite experience in sport .
the conspiracy giant Rio Tintot , who has a reputation for deploying tactics by trade unions , was seen as a troika in the problems of having Australian crippling players &apos; agreement with the Union ( ACA ) .
David Peever is the former executive director of Rio tinto Australia and is working to help the CAR in pay negotiations by the leader and adviser .
it would be a mistake , however , to think that the elite businessmen , whose approach is unmanageable in communicating with criminal players , do not love it as a sport .
Peever , for example , was a regular visor for the poultry games of the Storia when he bought another state .
nevertheless , tough negotiations between Sca and ACA and extremely high wages have given the impression that the Australian skippine reference now belongs more to business than to sports .
in contrast , the inability of Mr Cameron Clyne , the former CEO of the Nazi , to expel the Australian Super Rugby team has pushed back too much to its roots .
the people of the Southern Union now prefer to enter the stadium of the periphery in order to look at the game between amateur crews , while at the same time plundering the beer and the innocent haye dog &apos; .
Ragbilier boarns that they have the most qualified and most diverse management in Australia , but too failure to meet the requirements of international partners shows that it is still too much sport to be business .
both arms and football have problems with management , because the stakeholders are demanding more power .
both too chairmen , John Grant ARLC and Steven Lowwy ffee , have shown that their commercial skills have not been sufficient to achieve corporal stability .
Grant , former Kangaroo , was led by a successful IT undertaking , but for 20 years it was completely out of the game .
it became a value when the newly formed ARLC needed an independent presidency .
the far too many stakeholders who did not trust each other decided that no one who has been involved in the work of the Commission in the ragby species in any way over the last three years , with the exception of a passive phenomenon .
however , the pounds sand too far on the business side and the fans have been looking for a saviour from that time - someone with a distinguished past in sport .
the Chair of the CEO of Westphile Foreign Investment , Lowwy quite ffa , from his father Frank , from one Australian to the richest .
the &apos; too many clubs &apos; wish to be better represented in Congress , which is elected by the Bureau .
their owners lose their money , but they believe they are as worthy as Manchester Unites .
ironically , the sports and business ethics heralds FIFA ambassadors to end the civil war in sport .
AFL-on has its own ties with Rio Tinto , recently , the President-in-Office of the Council , Mike Fitzpatrick , and AFL-i former Commissioner Chris Lynch , the Excker of extraction .
it is all too proud to take on the role of national leader in promoting gender equality , activities relating to inheritance and refugees and gay rights .
some cynics could imply that this would be done in government aid funds in the milk .
by taking up the post of Fitzpatrick , the President of AFL-i , Richard Goder , said : &apos; AFL is more than a business , given how it assists all these communities &apos; .
Goyder will soon be the outgoing executive director and the first chairmanship of AFL-FL-for not playing at an elite level .
the former Wesfarmer President , Bob Every , is on the board of Cricke Australia .
the guiding thread of the appointment of members of professional sports directors is often the priority of independence over competence .
in the rush to recruit the business people , they have forgotten something that could be called incitement to administer and a brick against sport .
what is more , many corporate heavyweights are not used to intensive , and sometimes also critical , monitoring of the media on a personal level .
something that works in a corporate world may not transcend the area of sport .
the Jordanian Court imposed a lifetime sentence on the killing of three US military personnel .
the Jordanian military appeal court imposed a life sentence on the Jordanian soldier last year for the ruin of three US military teachers .
last month , the Chief Court of Justice imposed an old Frank al-Tuwayhale access to the American aviation base for the slaughter of the Americans during their lifetime imprisonment , together with hard work .
Al-Tuwayha opened fire on the Americans &apos; carpet , claiming that he was afraid of an attack on the base .
however , the video of a security camera published after the decision showed that he continued the shooting even when two Americans stolen and shot with orders to stop the shooting .
Uudistesai hala Akhbar , linked to the Jordanian army , announced on Thursday that the military appeal court with five judges confirmed the punishment of al-Tuwayha .
Sylvester Stalone takes up , in a hospitality fashion , the &apos; Our life &apos; in the second season .
the Juhtivproducer , Dan Fogelman , on Thursday in the Criticom Association Forum , announced that the NBC &apos;s forthcoming second season will be brought up by Sylvester Stalone .
as a actor , Keyvin ( Justin Hartley ) takes on board the films at the start of the season .
&apos;Kevin plays a major film and we needed a great deal of connotations &apos; , said Fogelman .
at the end of the last season , Kevin was stubbornly remunerated of the important role played by the sometime Ron Howardi film .
at this time , we will see how the project is involved and , at the same time , it warns up relations with its own mistake , which Alexandra Breckenridge is playing .
according to Fogelman , Stalone &apos; film in which Kevin attends plays a isphighur &apos; .
&apos;The star of our life &apos; , Milo Ventimiglia , who plays father in Khartouy &apos;s images of the past , was a coincidence in the 2006 film &apos; Rocky Balboa &apos; Stalone &apos; son .
Fogelman said that Ventimiglia still had a thriving friendship with Stalone , it was probably the one that helped to attract a couple of years as a colossal player .
&apos;We have an excellent scenario for him .
I believe that it will be truly exciting , called Fogelman .
&apos;our lives &apos; will return to telephones on 26 September .
James Harrison spends about 300 000 dollars a year to keep his body in play .
every NFL-i player depends on their own body to earn a living .
therefore , many other battles are also investing a lot of money in poor care and reconstruction in order to stay in the form of excellence .
the Yeremy Fowler portal ESPN.com looked into how far some veterans are prepared to go in order to extend their career .
however , no case is so extreme than that of the 39-year-old James Harrison , a player on the flash Stelersi defensive line for the 14th season .
according to the Fowwler , Harrison spends USD 300 000 a year in average for county treatment , mass deportations , fibre practices and pumps .
most of the costs are linked to public travel to meet specialists .
&apos;I do not need to keep a record on such things &apos; , said Harrison .
&apos;If you compare the sums that you have earned with my expenditure , the payments are worth it , given the way I feel &apos; .
Mike Mitchell , Harrison training partner and crew in Stelers , estimated the annual amount of USD 200 000 to look after their bodies .
a 30-year-old Mitchell has put in place a relaxation ( in English , &apos; body tempering &apos; ) , which the Fowwler described as &apos; the use of the 55 kg metal as a massaachine &apos; .
&apos;All rolls on it &apos; , Mr Mitchell said , rather than taking patronage &apos; .
&apos;If the skies have a place on their feet and they begin to move around this matter , it is , at times , painful .
but if you stand up , the tension has immediately disappeared .
it is just throwing out the tension &apos; .
they are ready to make additional efforts , but former NFL-i players , Barry Cofield and Ryan Harkin , spend on average 50 000 dollars a year on recovery .
Cofield , who played 10 times in the ranks of New York Giants and Washington Reding , has expressed regret that he did not spend any more .
&apos;If I could go back , I would invest more &apos; , Cofield Fowler said .
&apos;I would probably spend at least twice as much .
I was at a very good health for the first eight years of my career .
in the end , perhaps more procedures would have been helpful .
Ryan Shazier , a promoter of a 24-year-old back defence line , expressed a readiness to follow in the footsteps of his veterans Steles team .
&apos;If you pay a USD 100 000 and earn an extra three million while playing , that decision is quite simple &apos; , Shazier said .
as far as the long term is concerned , investing in the recovery of players is much more intelligent than spending money on cars and cotton .
the average NFL-i player is lucky to be able to play longer than 30 years of life , all the more so as the success of Harrison should persuade his colleagues to direct their spending on the other .
but perhaps they can just find some local specialists .
how printed Diana used her meal as a weapon .
when I think of the parochial Diana , the first thing to do is to look ahead to the hypothetical .
a daughter Sinti in the younger age .
afterwards , his black slander in the &apos; Panorama &apos; interview of his Martin Bashir , the effect of which was devastating when he looked through the wheels , citing an undying phrase : &apos; we were three in this helpless , so it was a little bit too big &apos; .
the big eyes and the eyes that were surrounded by his misgivings , the thick in the face , left him with the impression of an open animal .
that is what he has tried to achieve .
outside the public , however , prinau Diana never performed much on a meal , at least not according to modern standards .
it was not just that he did not need it - he was beautiful , of course - but he saw a typical commitment , something that is related to work rather than some .
in public , he was able to wear a whisky layer .
once he arrived in the offices of the Conde Nda , Vogue &apos;s publishers , wearing a pack , almost an orange cheering layer .
he apologised to say that his skin has to smile from the sun as if he went out &apos; usually &apos; , then dirty photographs would photograpple him and then put all the charges to show that he sees &apos; no less &apos; , &apos; ash &apos; and &apos; tired &apos; .
it is for this very reason that Diana went at an insult three times a week , using a machine that is present at home .
today , it would , of course , be counterproductive for health reasons , but it was a useful objective for Diana , which enabled it to show the world its spiritual character , even though its internal black clouds and songs were filled .
probably one of the greatest mistakes of the Royal Family was to think that , if they pray her as husband of Charles , they would be able to obtain one small martyr for themselves , who would only have sugar beet at times .
the reality was exactly the opposite .
he may not have been the best class at school , but when it came to creating an image , he was a complete student .
for Diana , the importance of soya and Meat was that they could be used to communicate tuna or hours .
otherwise they did not offer him the slightest interest .
his friend , Rosa Monckton - Diana was the mother of his youngest child - remembers that we were not something they used to speak about .
&apos;Look just &apos; , he said , &apos; how much relief he felt on these occasions when we went together in a kirker and did not think &apos; .
today we tend to think of a man as something that improves the chances of a woman , but it is clear that when you look back at the Hye Cup , she used this powerful PR tool .
the moments when he felt most freely were his own most , are the moments when he was also the most natural of all , bearing very little on earth .
in 1993 , with his two young boys in Thorpe &apos;s parg , logers Leappali , he was a stepping stone and a laughter from the heart , a vicious cheque dispersed under the eyes of a little like any mother who spends a day with children .
four months after he and Charles had been announced that he had left , he had finally picked up the distress and &apos; normal &apos; .
or , in recent years , by trumping out of a trainer , a hair set up in a form of bicycle kills , a face being pumped from a traine , health and life is getting away from every side of his journey .
in the end of his life , when he started to assert his independence and his self-confidence grew , we saw more and more such a Diana .
he coherent himself with Halo Trust and walked through Angola minefield in January 1997 .
at that time , at the age of 35 , the Jewish software and natural , a face almost exclusively without a man , he probably saw the camera as ever , reminiscent of this shining and hopeful young girl who laughed at the betting shop of 15 years ago .
Diana was just about to reach its best years .
in the early times , a young Diana Spenceril had a dream of Raffaelic .
however , it did not go long until &apos; decarbonisation &apos; started , a process that was mainly dirified by the blind and pale to make a young neuu refined from Dianas , who would be worth their new state .
in part , it involved the crackdown on Clayton Howard , a veteranist man , who Lord Snowon often used photographs .
Howard met with a fearful Dianga for the first time in Snowdoni Kensinton , in order to record the official layer of the magazine for Vogue .
at that point , at the end of the 1980s , Diana was still a blank cheque .
his most fine beauty products came from The Body Shoping , for example Elderflower in his eye .
Howard made use of Max Factori &apos;s jumbo crei Sheer Genius , Honey Touch and Max Factori &apos;s condolent , Frosal Coral .
he gave the Elizabeth Arden toone Rice and Timberland and the golden white bullet table .
from that discretion , Elizabeth Arden was enhanced by ripstichuch and the blue concert .
and we know all this because Howard created a model for him .
&apos;Diana &apos;s eyes are so marvellous that I wanted to stress their striking blue &apos; , he wrote later .
the final result , however , is not particularly attractive for such a young girl , which looks like an 18-year-old woman , who is becoming 50 years old .
he is too oppressive and too much bolder brown on his eyes .
the most striking thing here , however , is the notorious bridge bridge bridge server in this tonty Disney printas in the blue .
the reference to fantasy .
it is not surprising , then , why Diana is looking towards us with a little uncertainty .
one of the sources of Diana &apos;s polarisation was the fact that she never knew where the public perversion would end and starts with privacy .
that was the start of this process .
the person most probably affected by this meeting was Mary Greenwell , who still plays an important role in the contemporary world .
a Meigutist , who is currently among others since Chanel , is still one of the groupings of the Muslim world .
&apos;Dianal had an incredibly beautiful skin and long inflexibility &apos; , resembles it .
&apos;he was just a magnificent .
he was God by the men .
he was sex without he trying to do so &apos; .
Diana met Diana for the first time in 1991 , when Vogue &apos;s then peastic Anna Harvey asked him to make a magazine of the most estimated photographs with Capk Patrick Demarcheer , before December .
the gentleman Sam McKnight also belonged to the team .
this happened when Mrs Diana and Mr Charlesi &apos;s athletes were the greatest and , in the name of public support , the secession started .
&apos;Well , they did not tell us who is , although we knew that it was someone who was a very famous &apos; , Mr Greenwell said .
&apos;When we arrived , Diana was just standing there , was friendly and extremely anxious that it could be on the front of Vogue i &apos; .
this insidious picture - Diana simplified kampsuna , a kirngl raging , its private eyes , its cyantic French manikau , its hair of the short cut - was piecemeal .
it was rushed by the positives , individuality and eclegants .
above all , it was modern , conveying a minimalist aesthetic to early nineties and creating a strong contrast between Diana and the Royal Family , who faced the &apos; dose horribilis &apos; , as the Queen mentioned later .
&apos;Diana was very open to her own country .
he simply wanted to see a fresh and different &apos; , said Greenwl .
over time , he taught Dianat himself to take the lead - a credo , a cheese credo , a beet to raise the eyes , a ripschich - and he emphasised a healthy skin care , encouraging him to take good care of himself and to follow the mantra &apos; internal beauty &apos; .
Diana &apos; has done everything in moderation &apos; says Greenwell .
he buried enough and reduced the consumption of alcohol , which is very important for skin with fresh expression .
Prince preferred the Guerlain chequer , Clarinsi hlephony and Clinique i Wild Rose .
but the biggest service Mary Diana did was to expropriate her from your bridge .
&apos;That simply made him so much older &apos; , he said .
instead , he used a combination of soft brothers and neutral tones , along with the brown juridical line , which had been buried among themselves , so all the serts were fairly soft .
he often just used the crew at that time and a little sunshine to highlight Diana &apos;s wholesome .
&apos;Dianal used to call me and invite me to discuss the products that I liked to do so &apos; , Greenwl told me .
&apos;I think it was enterprising for him ; the opportunity to take a few moments for himself &apos; .
his favourite was the luxury brand Clarin .
Diana has allegedly used the daylight and night crew for their sensitive skin and their Alpine plants for cleaning milk and tone .
he also went to Janet Filderman in the Central London Guard on a regular basis .
Dianal had a famous beautiful skin , but sometimes it had roements , moderate dinosage , which is often due to stress .
in order to mitigate this , he used natural straits , including bitter oil .
&apos;Dianal had an excellent luxury structure &apos; , said Greenwell .
the only part of his appearance , which he was very unsure about , was his nose .
anger Khary recalls : &apos; once the newspapers wrote that he had travelled to Ninaga in a beauty operation , he appealed to me and said , &apos; frankly , if I had allowed my nose to bury , would you smile so that I had chosen it ? &apos;
when the advice of Mary Greenwelli and Sam McKnight started sitting , Diana felt more and more confident about her new appearance .
one of his most pleasing public statements - in 1994 in the Serpentine &apos; gallery in London , where he attached the famous &apos; retaliatory brokered &apos; , expelling a fighur oppressed on the shoulder from Christina Stambanna - shows that he began to turn up his life in the final signals of the years .
with short and overloaded talks , Diana is both sexist and dynamic , her brief soeng was in sharp contrast with a very challenging black siege .
his mentality is perfect - lucrative but , at the same time , modest , black meal in underlining his eye .
the dressed colours , particularly the red ones , were fed into the infinite tumours of kettle , quite probably to Revlon , which then in some respects became a trademark .
a few months later , he avoided his elegant red manifold in the kitchen of the Fund in the Kingdom of Justice .
paperwork was a benchmark for health and self-confidence .
last but not least , he has full control .
in the days and in his form , his methick , he conveys exactly what he wants to think : there is a woman who seems to have at last a suicide and a purpose in life and who has finally , having received just 36 of his seats .
it is a real pity that he was unable to prove it to himself .
IAAF warns that petitions will be closely monitored in the London World Cup .
on Friday , the Kergem World Cup will start in London and athletes will be more rampant in relation to doping channels than ever .
these World Cup are the first to be dominated by a new body , athletic Integration Unit ( AIU ) , which also monitors corruption , gambling and the falsification of results .
&apos;cannot be ruled out that people &apos;s creativeness does not allow such things to happen .
we can say , however , that we have the best practices and the best anti-doping programme , which can now be on the basis of information and data collection , and we will see the result after the event &apos; , David Howman , the AIU representative said .
AIU has allowed 19 athletes of approximately 190 Russian athletes to compete as neutral athletes .
letting the trumps of transcrippers is probably a federal crime , according to former prosecutors .
he who leaked the bulbs on the press between President trumps and foreign leaders probably committed a crime , stated the former prosecutors on Thursday when the legislators called for the extradition of the defendant .
&apos;The unauthorised disclosure of these documents to the press is a crime &apos; , said the former Chief Prosecutor of Columbia , Joe Genova Fox News .
these various acts involving the disclosure of notes of conversations between President and foreign leaders and their transcriptions pose a serious threat to national security .
on the basis of the documents leaked by the Washington Post , the new tempered speeches made on Thursday at the end of January by the President of Mexico Enrique PENA Nieto and the Australian Prime Minister , Malcolnbull .
in the first place , the head of the Mexican Head of State allegedly ordered an end to the public proclamation that his government would not pay for the border wall .
according to the newspapers , transcrippers included notes indicating that they have been secreted by the President of the National Security Council .
the Post said that they were reached by the integrated transcrippers &apos; put together by the Valge Maja Workers &apos; and based on the newspaper Mage makeearners &apos; publishers .
&apos;There is a federalist rule that makes such dissuasive information to an unauthorised person leashing a crime , a federal crime &apos; , the former public prosecutor in New York , Doug Burns , said a telephone interview .
although some of the details of these speeches came before the public in February , the disclosure of transcriptions marks a much greater blow to Valgele Möl , who is trying to reduce leaks .
the report was randomly published at a time when senior figures from the trumping administration were preparing vigorous public action on Friday to show their commitment to the eradication of classified information leaflets .
the Chief Prosecutor , Jeff Sessions , the National Intelligence Director , Dan Coatsi , General Roo Rosenstein , and the head of the National Response Centre for Security , William Evaninat , is expected to familiarise the public with the situation in the headquarters of the Ministry of Justice .
it is not clear whether the Ministry of Justice will look at the The Pots leak .
in order for anyone to be held to account , according to Burns , &apos; certain elements must be clearly demonstrated &apos; .
he said &apos; there could be some miscarriages on this subject &apos; , referring to the investigation of Hillary Clinton emails by the former Secretary of State and the decision not to lodge an accusation .
these considerations include document labels and history and its precise classification .
in the event of secrecy , the public prosecutors will examine whether the document was leaked to an unauthorised person in a way that negatively affects the interests of the United States .
&apos;When all this can be verified , people can undoubtedly be in a criminally defenceless situation &apos; , Burns said .
&apos;There is no doubt &apos; .
when it comes to the transcripters of trumps , diGenova , who was the public prosecutor of spying cases , said that such documents were &apos; usually classed as secret and higher &apos; .
by claiming that these spills threaten the ability of the United States Government to conduct foreign policy , the Chief Prosecutor of DidiGenova appealed to convene a federal , criminal council of senior men in order to find leaders .
he also said that , in order to obtain the lists of The Post reporters and editorial telephone calls , a legal order should be put forward - something that reporters would undoubtedly protest against .
UTAH , Republican Senator Mike Lee , said on Thursday , Capitol Hill , that there should be a criminal procedure for detecting classified information .
&apos;The person who leaked them - he must be punished and , in addition , he must be dismissed &apos; said in Lee Fox News &apos; America &apos; News HQ &apos; .
&apos;This is unacceptable and should never happen &apos; .
Lee , who worked as a lawyer before being elected in the Senate in 2010 , said that this leakage is a &apos; crime &apos; , a very serious federal crime &apos; .
&apos;That should not and should not be accompanied only by dismissal , but also by criminal proceedings , given that information has been classified &apos; , without war .
it has been said to Mr News that at this stage , Friday announcements from the Ministry of Justice could , rather , give an overview of what the Ministry of Justice hopes to achieve , rather than clarifying certain procedures .
last week President Sessioners criticised his anger publicly at the chief prosecutor , claiming that the latter has not made sufficient efforts to find the leashers .
&apos;I want the Chief Prosecutor to be much more severe about the leaks coming from the security agencies &apos; , said the trump on 25 July in rosiaia .
last week in Sessions himself admitted to Fox News Tuncker Carlson that he was not satisfied with the efforts made to study the President has been repeatedly putting obstacles to his inaudience .
&apos;I was not happy with the criminal leaks in the past and in the investigations &apos; , said in sesons .
even some people critical of the President have spoken out against the leaks , saying that this practice is detrimental to foreign policy efforts .
&apos;The broaching of a speech between the President and the leader of the outside country is outrageous , shocking and dangerous &apos; , wrote David frum on Thursday in atlanticity .
&apos;It is extremely important for the President to be able to communicate confidentially - and perhaps even more importantly - for foreign leaders to understand that they can respond confidentially &apos; .
Senator Mark Warner ( D-Va ) , the leader of the Senate Security Committee , also said to The Daily Beart that the leaks are &apos; absolutely &apos; worrying &apos; and the Congress should study it .
an American naval carrier is ordered to remove from the post box in the surroundings depicted by the American flag .
Erus , between the American and the Union of the home-owners of the United States and Florida , is at the heart of the dispute over the post covered by the American flag .
the Erus Navy officer , John Ackert , says that he received a letter last week from the Civil Society of Southwood , asking him to remove or face penalties from the post office of the state flag .
he said to the WCTVs that he did not intend to give up without a fight and has made an appeal .
&apos;Let me view it frankly as bitter &apos; , said Ackert .
and I think people should fight to be harder in whatever form , particularly with their commute .
Mr Ackert said that the Union of home-holders says that it is not in line with the aesthetic values of Southwood .
the US navy in the war of John Ackert ordered him to remove his post office in an area imagining an American flag .
as a result of the approach to the end of the Christmas season , we ask you to remove the letter from the post office in the surrounding the American flag .
formulas can be outside 30 days and must be withdrawn within 15 days at the latest .
he said that there have been four years outside the surroundings .
it got it there 30 days after the building was relocated .
messages to the Southwood housing union did not receive an immediate response on Thursday morning .
some of the neighbours of Ackert said to the WCTVs that the letter was a little harsh , and they were not particularly surprised by the activities of the Union of homelands .
&apos;Mike Stephenson said it all the time &apos; .
I think that is ridiculous .
why should it not be patriotic in their own countries ?
Mike PATEL said : &apos; it is a veteran who served our country .
that is just a flag in the aftermath .
I do not think that is right .
the house belongs to it , at least that could be allowed .
a letter from the Union of Civil Product states that Ackert has 15 days to remove it , otherwise he will be faced with a fine .
he has not received an answer to his appeal .
several monasty women and producers in Neal Baer cost USD 4.35 million from the home in Hills Westis , which has its roots in the atomic era .
in a modern style at the centre of this century , a house in Josef Van der Kar was designed in 1945 and appointed by its original owners , Albert and Roberta Wohlstetter .
a 25 % square metre on the wake-up route has a wide range of glass ligus that are opening up to the fields , steel and internal straits .
lifesaving and feed feed is a corn , a kick and dissident panels that open up a kitchen .
the main component of the house is the three bedroom beans and three vannituba .
it will also have a separate village house , with a view to the enormous fisherman and the milestone of the league .
there is also an outward building and additional storage space in a separate building .
Albert Wohlstetter was a powerful nuclear route during the Cold War .
the study by Mrs Wohlstetter on poebar flies ahead of the Pearl Harbori offensive was also quoted by the Committee of Inquiry of 11 September .
Wohlstein has accepted both the presidential administrations of the Republicans and the Democrats , including John F. Kenney , during the anti-missile crisis in Cuba .
they received a presidential Liberation Week from Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
Baer is most well-known for his work in the &apos; Kirabia hospital &apos; and &apos; Saccia : the Investigation Unit on sex crimes &apos; .
the climate refugees were from Mike Deasy and Sara Clephane company Deasy / Penner and Partners .
the buyer was represented by Hattie RAMIREZ &apos;s Celler Wilabs Realty company .
in the agricultural museum tomorrow , heavy goods vehicles will be assessed .
this Saturday , on 5 August , the Estonian Agricultural Day will take place at the Museum of Estonia .
Estonia &apos;s heavy-duty horse is one of three Estonian horses , alongside the horse and the horse .
the day of the lorry is 23 times this year , and 17 heavy-duty trucks from Estonia will meet this year &apos;s event .
this day , young people will be compared and assessed by heavy goods horses , corps and mountains .
furthermore , the work done on the side of the best breeders is recognised .
a total of more than 350 heavy goods vehicles are above the top 350 as a threat .
the preservation of the barrier and the use of horses will also be introduced at the University .
on the same day , it will be possible to visit the indications of the Agricultural Museum of Estonia , access EV100 to cereal beans and ruckies and take part in mathematical workshops .
they will be able to find their own activities at all ages .
children have mixed games , there is the possibility of travelling with pon or horses , taking part in a footprint competition and visiting a Higher Scientific Motor .
there is also Suvella , which provides advanced food and craft goods .
the Estonian day of heavy goods transport is organised jointly by the Association of Khobusegrowers , the Estonian branch of heavy goods horse breeders and the Estonian Agricultural Movement .
Estonian poloomofarming Union supports the workers .
Leil Forests &apos; Blog Archves &apos; Made and motorway repairs .
as someone who has been caught in a former occupation , any repairs will remain in my eyes , whether it be in a forest or in the field .
the quality of the machinery and works has improved considerably , and everything is happening from the highest rate of time .
at the moment , mainly former land-repairs are being reconstructed , errors are being sought and closures are being sought and improved .
more stringent environmental requirements have been added , which were not addressed decades ago .
construction materials have been renewed , such as the use of plastic toons to build trans instead of past iron fts , and the tap bubble , not only on the stoning , but also on the back of the chicken , the geographic .
in the past , litants and traps were forged with betones ( MP , SMEs ) and mountains .
in order to protect the environment , sex species from possible arable fertilisers and potatoes of water are to be dumped into natural waters or rivers , which should be cleared from possible fertilisers and potatoes of water .
in many cases , wolphinions or seeds will be planted on the beds of new entleblows or mountains , or they will begin to grow from seeds that have flown there .
Hundiniades have a duty to filter toxic substances out of water .
the ink was appealed last year , and this week the surface of a snow melting pond was fixed , and the fire brigade mine mine was built to take up fire-fighting .
and , if a machine is not absorbed into the tip , there is a great deal of bitter pill on the bottles of the water .
there is also an approach to improving forest routes in the surroundings , in addition to cleaning agricultural taps .
the foolish-driven theatre should be part of a formula which will also become additional foolishers .
the right remains the statesmanship , which is going to be reconstructed immediately from the top before and which will soon be ready .
it has a special place .
the road is going on and there , too , there is an ongoing renewal of hecktales and roads and an improvement in the drainage errors that have been detected .
report : Mueller called for a total of senior men to be studied in connection with Russia .
the Wall Street Journal announced on Thursday that Russia and Donald trumpi presidential campaign , a special prosecutor investigating possible links , has convened a group of senior men .
the letter states that the House of Latiners has a new and significant improvement in the investigation carried out by the Special Prosecutor , Robert Mueller , as to whether the trump , or his main advisers , held a secret campaign to promote the presidential campaign in the Republic of 2016 with Moscow .
the NBC News have announced in the past that before Mr Mueller , the former director of the FBI , who is now in charge of this critical investigation , the public prosecutors were using the colosons of the former national security adviser , Michael Flynn , and the former leader of the trur campaign , Paul Manafort , as part of an investigation .
one of the President &apos;s personal lawyers , John DOWD , said to the NBC News that he was not aware that Mueller had started using the whole of the elderly .
&apos;We have been working with Mr Mueller and his team since 1 June , because we want to get there &apos; , he said .
against the background of the novel convening of the &apos; federalist senior executives &apos; , we have no reason to believe that President trump is under investigation .
NBC News has not approved the Journal data independently .
the use of senior men is a normal part of complex research and is not a tool for listening only to certificates , but also for obtaining information and obtaining data from individuals or businesses .
it is a powerful tool that the public prosecutors can use to request accusations and prosecutions , and it can indicate that the work of Mueller is far from being done .
the trump has denied that he or any member of his team had a plan with Russia during the presidential campaign in 2016 .
Moscow &apos;s officials have also denied playing a role in the surprising victory of the temple last November .
the President &apos;s special adviser , Ty Cobb , said that he was unaware that Mr Mueller had started to use the whole of the elderly .
&apos;Why men &apos;s total is usually secret &apos; , said in the Cobb statement .
the White House is in favour of everything that speeds up the completion of its work fairly .
the White House is fully committed to working with Mugabe .
Jim Comey , former Director of the FBI , has said three times that the President is not under investigation and we have no reason to think that things have changed &apos; .
the Australian Commonwealth Bank is accused of massive money-laundering infringements .
the Australian Government , against the country &apos;s largest mortgage , lodged the Commongalth Bank on Thursday , submitted an accusation of money-laundering and the rules against the financing of terrorism on a massive scale .
the Financial Intelligence Agency ( AUSTRAC ) made public that they have initiated a civil punishment procedure against CommBank in the Federal Court because of the &apos; serious and systematic failure &apos; procedure in the largest Australian case and the first in which there is a large bank to blame .
&apos;CommBank &apos;s behaviour in this matter has left the Australian society without any protection against serious and lasting financial crime &apos; , said in the AUSTRAC judgment .
Commonwealth Bank said in his statement that they would investigate the charges more closely and respond &apos; when the time is right &apos; .
the largest Australian mortgage borrowed &apos; in time or not at all &apos; from &apos; dubious circumstances &apos; , which concern transactions amounting to more than 77 million Australian dollar ( USD 61 million ) , reported AUSTRAC .
according to the Agency , the bank has committed 53 700 money-laundering and acts against the financing of terrorism , particularly with regard to the so-called &apos; intelligent insolvency machines &apos; .
the previous largest case of this type was linked earlier this year to the Orbian popular betting mediator Tabcorp Holding , who had just 108 allegations of violation .
Tabcorp paid a fine of USD 45 million and is the biggest civilian punishment in the Australian corporal history .
the AUSTRAC-representative refused to comment on the potential punishment of CommBank or whether there may be other banks on the rating of the Agency .
the maximum punishment of money laundering and terrorist financing in the event of a contravention of the law is USD 18 million of Australian infringement .
intelligent vending machines are a certain type of bank bonus that receives both cash and cheque contributions and facilitates the anonymous contributions of cash .
according to AUSTRACs , the use of the CommBank Intelligent Resources after their introduction in May 2012 has increased considerably .
cash contributions reached USD 5.8 billion in the month before June 2016 , compared to USD 89 million in Australia for the first six months after the introduction of Commbank automers .
AUSTRAC states in court documents that cash contributions were made from counterfeit names , so that revenue was obtained from a vessel to medicines that import drugs .
&apos;even after CommBank &apos;s attention was drawn to a suspect &apos;s money-laundering or the &apos; Commbank accounts &apos; , the Commbank did not start to monitor its clients in order to make it difficult and manage the financing of money laundering and terrorism &apos; , the case documents show .
AUSTRAC added that the Commbank accounts were also used to &apos; bail out &apos; ; this is a form of money laundering which involves transfers between countries without really having to cross international borders .
two influential women share their success secrets .
what is there in common with Barbara Corcelandi and Laila Al ?
at first sight , these women come from two completely different worlds .
the New York property campan , Barbarbara Cororan , managed to convert a thousand dollar loan into five billion property holdings before implementing its expertise on the telenium , participating in a serious living and covert of the ABC , Shark Seck , Sofofia , Sofofofofia , S.A. , the company of investors .
Laila Ali has been in the footsteps of his father , having become the most successful female poker of four times the unwinning championina , before his rescent has been added to the roles of the television advisor , the author and the speaker .
despite these unique career paths ( or perhaps because of them ) , TJ Maxx has been recruited by both women to help them talk to the glimmer of hope of breaking stereotypes and achieving ambitious targets for businesses .
last year T.J. Maxx spoke to women in half of the country and discovered that 80 % of them feel that society has given them a stereotypical role and expectations .
consequently , they came up with a project The Maxx You Project to help women break these barriers .
Corcoron and Ali know a great deal about this ; they may be at the top of their field by now , but the journey was not going well for either .
Corcoran was mainly awarded D-s at secondary school and college , and had already worked in the workplace for 20 years by 24 years .
Ali entered one of the most male areas and , in addition , the challenge in his way was to try to get his father off the hook , who was an abyss of ikoon .
these two words thwart through the knowledge of the difficulties .
that is why we sat down with these powerful women to talk about overcoming the failures , coping with success and having a sense of trusting in business and relationships .
what inspires you to do about what you are dealing with every day ?
Laila Ali : I am inspired by my own personal objectives every day .
I have shaped the habit of writing things I would like to achieve .
and I look at that list .
I consider myself responsible .
I am , of course , inspired by my children .
I am inspired by my ambitions .
I wish to be a victory for everything I do in life .
I realise that achieving my objectives requires hard work , but I am ready to do so .
my confidence is due to preparation .
so I will spend a lot of time preparing .
Mrs Corcoran : as in Laila , the key to my confidence is the preparation of too much , but I do not draw my inspiration from it .
in fact , I am inspired by the real curiosity .
what will happen if I do so ?
what will not happen if I do not ?
this curiosity makes me grow from the bed this morning , because I cannot wait for what the day will bring .
if , in some days , I do not know that , I am simply pretending to preach those feelings .
then I will be bold in my own eyes and I will be inspired again .
talk about some of the obstacles in your career , which made you much better in the long term .
Barbara Corcoran : for me , it was the most difficult of my business partner to put my foot behind me and my secretarial married .
I finished business a year later , but this year of my life - fifthly being a wheels - was terrible because I did not have the confidence enough to leave .
I felt humiliated , there was no inspiration at all .
but the amazing things are happening .
it is most difficult to believe in these moments when you are facing setbacks .
it was an extremely difficult year to get our feet and start business from scratch , this time without the partner .
Laila Ali : I would say that my career was the most difficult time when I was involved in polishing , I was at the top of my career and I decided to bring in divorce .
I did not just separate my husband , but also the then mountain and someone who taught me all that I know about polishing .
I did not believe that I could do without him .
so I started to worry about the future of my career and I had to find time to take a step back and say to myself : &apos; you have all the necessary expertise and experience .
you have all these experiences in the boxing world .
you will undoubtedly be able to do that &apos; .
so I set up a new team around me and continued my career .
in fact , it was simply necessary to get the right mindset , because all the rest were given the impetus there .
I did what needed to be done , I had to face up to fear and have the courage to get rid of my husband and mountain and to continue with my career , and everything that was resolved .
when did you feel that you have really made progress ?
Laila Ali : I felt that I was successful when I won my first battery office .
it was a really good feeling because , starting with the boxing , I wanted to be one of the best , to be unwinning .
I was able to achieve that goal and I did not win the title of the championships on one occasion , but on four occasions .
Barbara Corcoran : one moment when I felt that I had been successful was my 1th year of action .
I was at last there .
I had earned a profit of around 42 000 dollars , which I could not expect .
I immediately went out and bought a new car for both the mother and the father ; they never had a new car ; I allowed cars to take to Floridas where they had their retirement generation .
I felt like the Queen of England .
I felt so flagrant .
I will service much more than that in the coming years , but nothing has so far been able to offer the same sense as the opportunity to give parents something back and beat them with surprise .
how did you manage to keep yourself motivated during this 11-year period in order to continue working ?
Barbara Corcoran : I never measured my business by profit , because it was not my aim .
I just wanted to see how far I can go .
I already gave myself a dream on the first day to become the Queen of New York &apos;s property .
and I saw myself like a Pope - everyone is touching my finger and gover me .
I had such a small point in my own family .
therefore , when I intensified every day , every hour , I did not really mean serving money .
at the end of the day , I did not know the money .
but all the money that came in was immediately going back to business .
I do not even believe that I had any daunting days , where I would have thought that oh God , we would not earn money .
I was simply convinced that something would work .
the worst thing that could have happened would have been to abolish the company and become a pretext .
I will then pay a good drink and I was happy .
I could be happy again .
therefore , I do not believe that the great aspiration of many people who have made progress is money .
they have other incentives to spur them .
and the money was not one of my own .
do you have any advice to anyone who has such great dreams , but who is being held back by a financial factor ?
Barbara Corcoran : when I started to earn a lot of money , I had money that I had to invest in property , but I did not have time .
I was running a company .
and that is why I found five different partners who were not even specialists in the broker business , but in various neighbourhoods , in a city that knew their streets through and exploded .
I approached them and said , &apos; You feel that neighbourhood .
I find the best building .
I am going to give you the money and you will be my partner , &apos; Regisme &apos; .
the lesson here is that , if you have money , you will keep people in order to earn money from your own money .
and if you have an anthem , you can sell it to someone who has money and you can earn money from it .
there are two aspects : Anne and money .
but if you do not have both together , nothing will happen very much .
at the end of the day , I - and my partners too - have worked very well together in all these years with the great investors I would never have had if I had not had the courage to find combative people who like to settle .
it is always possible to raise money if you believe that you have a giant and a feeling better than anyone in your part of the world .
what are the two or three things that you do every morning , which will help you make progress ?
Laila Ali : I do not know about you , but I have a lot of moments in my life when I feel over-burdened , being a mother , a businesslike , a spouse ... all the roles we play as a woman .
I have reached a point in my life that I really had to put in place this morning &apos;s routine .
I like to stand up and just feel thankful .
gratitude for the uprisings , for their health , for their children , for their families .
I will often write up my ambitions for the next day and , if I wake up , I will look again at this list .
Mediveta .
I sometimes write in a daily sham .
line always with the poke .
and I will always be faithful to the first thing in the morning , because if I do not do it then it will not be done .
for me , it is ultimately about priorities .
these are things that are important to me : my spinity , a focus on the universe and God , then training and putting their health first .
thanks to this , everything else seems simple .
I feel I can pick up on all the challenges that face me in the course of the day .
Barbara Corcelan : I am linking things to a queue of importance .
I am working through a list of my tasks , which is endless and ridiculous .
and I put in place what is most important .
what are the real priorities ?
I will try to live up to these most important things .
what are you doing to bring yourself to a great meeting in the right state of mind ?
Barbara Corcoran : I imagine I would fail .
how bizarre it is .
I think Issand , I am failing .
I am Hirmutan myself , and that makes me more effort .
I can imagine anyone who is competing with me - I am very combative in nature because I am one of ten children and we never received enough attention from our parents .
I can be very conscientious .
and I will always be here too thoroughly prepared .
too much preparation reinforces my confidence .
Laila Ali : it is amazing how contrasting we are in this respect .
we are two successful people and this shows how different things work for different people .
I like to imagine that I will be successful .
I like to think of the end , which is success .
I can imagine it in a more spiritual way , I can actually see it happening .
I see the throwing around , the fight taking place , the winner of the wet and the return of the clothes , as I have always done , celebrating a victory with the code .
the same applies to meetings .
however , I will always prepare myself thoroughly ; this confidence is due to the preparation , because in a few , there is a fear that I will not do well or I will not say the right things or the information I need .
that is where the preparation for the game lies for me .
however , I will always enter by standardising the end result .
you have both been very successful in your career .
how will you pass it on ?
Laila Ali : I am very exciting to be part of the T.J. MAXI project Maxx You Project , because I feel that this is an opportunity to do good .
a large number of women need inspiring , encouraging them to pursue their dreams and objectives .
in all of us we are in the club .
it is , in fact , a matter of congress and of having the necessary tools around us , with the right people , the people who have managed to achieve the things that you are trying to achieve .
Mrs Corcoran : one thing I believe to be very good is the inspiring of people .
I was therefore very anxious to have been asked to cooperate with Maxx You Project .
I will try to eat the mill of individuality and inspiration that we see here in the faces of all these people and give them practical advice on how to move forward .
many people are starting to implement their dreams , but they tend to be wrong on some points .
we are therefore trying to help them to focus on their objective .
everything we teach is practical .
business planning , even as simple as liftill , everything that is needed to set up a company .
what advice would you give to women who want to make progress in male areas ?
Laila Ali : I am acting in one of the most male areas , which is the son .
coming after my father , who was the world ikoon and the best of all times , was rather discouraging .
for me , the crux of the matter was actually to find this talent , courage , strength in itself .
the first thing I had to believe in ourselves is that I can go round and succeed .
at the time , no one , apart from me and from me , was involved in any restriction other than those I had set myself on my own feet .
if you believe in ourselves and find your passion , no one can prevent you .
Mrs Corcoran : the journey between finding inspiration and taking a stance like me - the &apos; Royal of New York &apos;s property &apos; - and the crossing of the finišiline is immensely long .
and in this intermediate phase , which is your career career career on a daily basis , many talents are needed .
these talents do not need to be beaten with an obscene .
I am sure that , in the area of Laila , it was also necessary to decide what the right people are , the right mountains , when to start , when to finish , when there is a lot of money that can be put in , what cannot be put in place if you are hard to work .
these are all subjective decisions .
I will try to give some support to these efforts so that these women really feel : &apos; oills , I have understood now .
let me try .
there are my three priorities here &apos; .
if they leave with three main priorities to really make things happen , I will be smiling at home in the evening .
what is at your dinner ?
Laila Ali : too many yellow .
timeframes , books , little belt wine , my day .
probably on water trees .
Barbara Corcoran : my night is a small green wake-up call , because I tried to break the habit every morning to look at the phone .
that is why I found it .
it was sleeping .
but it has never worked .
and it still stands there .
and my phone is still on my night .
what book do you read now ?
Barbara Corcoran : Eighth or ninth times ; &apos; to win friends and influence people &apos; .
this will keep me on the right track .
I believe that this is still the best book written in this area , it does not matter what your dreams are ; dreams cannot be achieved without the other people .
and it is possible to deal with this today just as it was in the past .
I like to read it over time .
this will help me to get down the right path again .
Laila Ali : I am learning at eating school , so I will read the book &apos; Nisfree diet &apos; .
it talks about eating cereals and how they affect our body .
I am very interested in that .
what is your best advice to cope with the successes and failures ?
Barbara Corcoran : ignore the wastefulness .
they are met by all sorts of different images .
you must remove them from their brains .
keep you away from the foolishers .
they are tearing you out of energy .
I look to the virises as an asset .
they come at night , they are slashing your wallets and they are leaving .
the pessimists in any team situation destroy the crew faster than you can look the other eye , because people who manage themselves want others to feel badly .
they are pulling the good people with their own hole .
I can perfectly avoid all the negative people within a rate of 50 km , because my aim is to be positive and to take up everything that gives and to oppose everything I have to offer .
so why should I want to spend a minute on such people ?
Laila Ali : we need to be consistent .
we will start on many occasions with the conviction that we will now take this path .
we will do it , and we will do it .
however , people do not respect it for enough time .
sometimes they give up just before they reach the last village .
so I think it is necessary to keep on course .
if you feel passionate about something , if you believe something , you have to be consistent .
and you have to do the hard work that success requires .
Mrs Corcelan : a great deal of effort must be made to ensure continuity .
do you know what is needed for this ?
it is from the bottom up .
if you start something , that will stop .
many are shareholder , but not particularly partial , end-users .
Chinese Internet censorship is playing a difficult game of cat and mouse .
according to the experts , a shift that can affect many users , from notifications to companies , suggests that China is increasingly concerned about the influence of the Internet .
&apos;seems that the restrictions are becoming ever more intense but , at the same time , the Internet is more powerful than ever &apos; , Emily Parker , who has written a book &apos; now I know Who Comrades Are &apos; , which deals with the influence of the Internet in China , Cuba and Russia .
the restrictions placed on the Internet in Beijing are proportionate to the influence of the Internet in China .
according to experts , China &apos;s control has not been strengthened as much as possible and , in many cases , the game of cat and mouse continues .
one day after Apple &apos;s visit last week , people started to spread the way in the social media in China to gain access to these tools , which are so easy that it can even be found in a technical alien .
this involved registering a person &apos;s son of applications to another country where VPN-applications are still available .
nevertheless , the four-day test shows that China wants to change the game in favour of the box .
a number of Chinese Internet service providers said on Thursday in their social media accounts , on websites or in our tanks that Chinese security officials would test a new way of finding an online address for services that would construct or use illegal content .
when they have been found , the authorities , according to these companies , request that Internet service providers require their customers to put an end to such practices .
if customers continue , service providers and Chinese officials will interrupt their Community minutes .
the Ministry of Public Security did not respond to the fake request to comment .
studies point out that tens to hundreds of millions of people in China use VPN-e and other types of software to get away from a large firewall .
although the blockades of foreign television broadcasts and pornography exclude many people , they pose only a small challenge to China &apos;s vast web service of Internet users .
the Chinese President XI Jinpage has been responsible for the new control elements of the Internet over the years , but he has also brought up technology and the Internet as critical factors for China &apos;s future economic development .
since cyberspace has started to play a more central role in the whole of China , government control aspects have evolved .
it is difficult to find out the scope of new efforts , as many users and businesses are not discussing them openly , fearing the Chinese Government &apos;s disapproval .
however , some of the frequent users have said that it is becoming more difficult to avoid restrictions .
one student who is studying in the United States and leather to China from summer holidays said that he was blocked by local VPN .
he said that he took that period away as a kind of meditation from the social media , and he left Facebook to his friends to explain why he has been driven into the ground .
an apprenticeship of the environmental doctorate in China said that , without Google &apos;s fitness IT , it has become more difficult to carry out research , even though the university has found alternative printed so that students do not always need the Internet .
according to his assertion , he has now found a new way of bypassing the great firewall without disclosing what it is all about .
according to Chinese Internet observers , some VPNs are still working and China could do much more to intensify the restrictions .
&apos;We believe that if the government had decided to do so , it would have stopped the VPN-use much more by now &apos; , VPNDda , said the VPNDada site in 2015 , which would help the Chinese users to find a VPN-e , a representative .
&apos;If the government had sent out more into the bottles , the descendants would be much more complicated &apos; , the representative who refused to call himself in China because of the sensitivity of the group &apos;s work .
&apos;If they did not do so , because they have to give people or businesses a little breathing space &apos; .
the Chinese online restrictions are often cyclical .
the current climate is partly due to the imminent , important meeting of the Chinese Communist Party , which is the 19th Congress of the Parties in the autumn .
five years ago , the VPN-e had unforeseeable interruptions before the similar meeting at that time .
like economic policy or external affairs , China is also part of a complex and often inadequate political process .
according to analysts , government ministries on the eve of Congress feel pressurised to show that they are effective and able to intervene in the event of a problem .
&apos;so it is certainly not in the VPNs apocalypsis &apos; , Paul Triolo , the head of the global technological department of Eurasia Group .
&apos;a more difficult environment for the navigating of users and new opportunities and approaches will simply enable China to better include certain parts of the VPNs in the choices and location chosen by Beijing &apos; , he said .
the Chinese population is learning to overcome these difficulties in the past age .
earlier this summer , an Internet giant , Tencent , started to limit the time allowed to play a popular game of &apos; honor Kings &apos; by the youngest of the 12 and two hours of those aged between 12 and 18 .
that is why young people in China have begun to use a age-old solution - false documents .
is your &apos; hannon of Kings &apos; time limit ?
are you interested in getting a document which shows that you are older than 18 ? &apos; the recent advertising asked the social media in China ?
&apos;There is no problem .
take the contact to obtain a document cheaply &apos; .
he was extolled for obstructing a global cyber attack .
and then he was arrested .
when Kronos was advertised for the first time in Russian suburbs in 2014 , the questionable price of USD 7 000 indicated that the sale of bad assets is a profitable undertaking .
the Kronost was advertised as a puppet tool capable of obtaining data , including users and paros , the PIN-codes of the cash machines and personal information which will be useful in breaking the security issues .
Motherboard announced on Thursday that in Hutchin , Las Vegas Airport , after a weekly visit to Black Hat and Defcon .
he had plans to fly back to his home in Britain .
the market community reacted with surprise and scepticism to arrest its valued star .
some warned that claims against Hutchins could damage the relationship between &apos; white &apos; anglers - researchers looking for software weaknesses in order to identify and solve problems , not to commit crimes or sowing chaos - and law enforcement agencies .
others doubtless thought that Hutchin might have been an attack on the creation of such software .
in July 2014 he asked Twitter , and no one has a Kronos face , which is an seemingly odd request when he himself was the author of a sham .
although the precise details of the interconnections with Hutchins Kronos are not clear , market investigators have often ignored legal problems in search of vulnerable sites .
in recent years , large technical companies have put up &apos; flaws of errors &apos; in order to formalise the process of reporting problems for researchers and compensating for their work .
the Defconi Conference , the unrestricted gathering of security experts from all over the world , has also had a tense relationship with law enforcement agencies .
in 2002 , FBI , for example , was arrested in the Vegas Hotel by Russian krhyphet experts following the publication of software , which , according to the authorities , could have damaged the safety of certain types of e-books .
the Digirights organisation Electronic Frontier Foundation said in his statement that it was concerned about the arrest of Hutchins and that it would investigate the matter more closely .
Wannab Cronavans were infected by computers that worked on the older versions of Microsoft Windows .
after the spread , software computers crushed and lumped users &apos; files , roofs and heretics .
when the infected pigs had been connected to the grid , other online equipment could have contracted .
the attackers demanded that the victims pay hundreds of dollars to the bitcoin address .
from Hutching , the accidental heroe became .
in an interview given to the Guardian in May , Hutchin said that he registered the Geomeen after he discovered that the malicious software are trying to make contact with it .
by registering domeen USD 10.69 , he launched a &apos; slaughter link &apos; which stopped the proliferation of software .
his original intention was not to stop the attack but to monitor its spread .
Hutchins , who is working as Kryptos Logic researcher in Los Angeles , said in an interview that he did not attend the College and had learned to write software himself .
the company did not give its comments .
Hutchin tried to be anonymity , with the media having their constant presence in MalwareTech , but the British tabloids revealed his identity .
he was glorified by the cyber security community for this achievement and he received special recognition from the SC Awards industry in Europe .
the trump called New Hampshire the &apos; narkourtwo &apos; , thereby hinting at state politicians .
&apos;The President is wrong &apos; , said Chris Sununu , the Republican Governor of New Hampshire .
it is disappointing that his ill description of the epidemics ignores all the wonderful things that the state has to offer .
Senator Maggie Hassan , a democrat of New Hampshire , mentioned the remarks &apos; anti-gigantic &apos; and said in Twitter that his state was not in any way different from others fighting for widespread use of opiates .
Senator Jeanne shaheen , as well as a democrat , agreed .
&apos;It is totally unacceptable for the President to speak of the NHS in this way &apos; , he wrote in Twitter .
that is the case with NH and the completely false depiction of the epidemic .
the most deadly drug addiction - the category of drugs comprising heroin and fentanyl - is the most deadly drug epidemic in American history .
in 2016 , more people than weapons or car accidents were killed - according to the estimated 59 000 people were analysed by the New York Times - and is now the main cause of death for the Americans under the age of 50 .
in 2015 , more than 97 million people in the United States used analgesics , according to data from the Agency for the Eradication of substances and mental health .
it is estimated that 12 million of these people did this in a way that had not been determined by the doctor .
New Hampshire has been a hard blow and its inhabitants repeatedly raised the problem during the 2016 campaign for presidential candidates .
in New Hampshire , it was estimated that in 2016 , 470 overdoses were killed in comparison with 439 cases in 2015 .
in 2012 , they were 163 according to health and service statistics in New Hampshire .
on Thursday , the Sununu opiiates epidemic described in us as &apos; one of the worst health crises that a state has ever faced &apos; .
he said that the government has doubled the resources devoted to prevention , treatment and recovery .
he says that the state of the state has also spent millions of dollars on prevention programmes aimed at children , on legal protection for stopping drug trafficking and on initiatives aimed at making the more accessible ammunition zone used in the event of overdoses .
Disney long-held adviser and leader Marty Sklahr died at an age of 80 .
Sklar , who died in his home Los Angeles Hollywood Hills neighbourhood on 27 July , retained contacts with the company following the retirement in 2009 , which was motivated precisely on the 54th anniversary of the opening of the Disneyland .
last year , on the opening day of Shanghai Disney in China , he became the only member of the truck ( so the company invites its employees ) who has been involved in opening all 12 Disney Park around the world .
and , less than two weeks before the death , he took part in forging Disney fans 23 , sharing reminders on Disneyland .
his death was reported by Disney Company without mentioning its cause .
he was eight years old .
the post of Sklari newspaper The Disneyland News was temporary , but he returned from Disneyland after U.C.L.A. in 1956 to work in its advertising department .
he will soon be the main version of Walt Disney in writing advertising materials , prenier managers , speeches , slots , presentations and short films , such as a piece of paper that helped the company to obtain approval for the construction of Walt Dorld and Epcot in Central Forlda .
he also worked with Wales and his brother Royga on the annual reports of Disney .
&apos;Sklar wrote in his autobiography , &apos; Dream IT , do : my dear Half-Century Disney Magis &apos; , just six or seven years after the end of the College ( 2013 ) .
however , despite the fact that Walt Disney trusted Sklari in its correspondence , in 1964 , he appointed the Farm Fatvilion in New York &apos;s World of 1964 , where Disney Company was shaped by exhibitions and demonstrations .
Sklar Walt Disney wrote a cheese Ford for the Magic skyway , which saw the attendance of animatroonic dinners and coopers , and which was their main link with large corporate sponsors .
it was the start of the second review of Sklari in the enterprise .
as an increasingly important Member and leader of Imagineers , he was increasingly involved in Walt Disney , who died at the end of 1966 long before the opening of Walt Disney World in 1971 and Epcot in 1982 .
after she died from Walt Disney 65-year lung cancer , the boat Sklar was returned to the world of writing when she was told that the company &apos;s management workers had not prepared a public speech , although &apos; it was no secret that Walt was dying &apos; , as he writes in his car biography .
Sklar , as he said , was outraged by the fact that he had to sign a statement to which Mrs Disney is signing , but he realised that a lack of planning was a sign that the death of Walt Disney had been paralysed by company leaders .
&apos;In reality they were all afraid of death &apos; , Sklar wrote .
Martin Adrian Sklar was born in New Brunswick in February in New Jersey .
his father , Leon , was a teacher and mother , with a neiufield Lilyn Fuchs , worked at Johnson &amp; Johnson , before he had a family home to Long Beachi California when Marty was 12 .
after secondary school , he had several temporary jobs , for example , in Douglla Aircrafts , as Tresidder Hamburgerirestauran drive-in , as well as as as as an urgent carrier of the postal services .
but in May 1955 , when his third year from U.C.L.A. , he received the message from Sklar that he would call Disney marketing and advertising leader E. Cardon Walkner .
at that time , Sklar U.C.L.A. Envoy Daily Bruin was a new chief editor .
Walker asked him to come to the work interview for the post of creator or of the editor in the newspaper The Disneyland News .
Walker said that the subject park will soon be opened .
and it needs him .
he had an interview after 20 minutes in Wales .
the Sklar also had to prove Walt Disney that he knows what is going to do .
&apos;i was there for two weeks and I had to present Walt Disney &apos;s leth concept &apos; , he recalled on the website of the affordability Disney Avenue .
&apos;If he had not liked , he would have thrown me out of the door and made a professional .
fortunately , however , it liked Wales .
I was 21 .
it was frightening .
I had never worked at a professional level &apos; .
the lessons learned in Sklar from Walt Disney ( and some other person too ) at some point &apos; Mikak would be &apos; , that is , the executive manifesto on board .
the command involve the following , for example : the feeling of their target group .
an attempt to &apos; go into the shoes of visitors &apos; in order to experience a sickness like they do .
in the case of Juusta , there is only one thing at the same time .
the Tememian divorce expert Bob Rogers once called Sklari for a sorcerer &apos;s apprentice , a role that Miki-Hiir played in the &apos; fantasy &apos; film - ( 1940 ) - because he had brokered the philosophy of Disney for three generations of design design .
he is left behind by his wife , a neiufield brother Leah Gerber , a daughter Leslie Sklar , a son Howard and four grandchildren .
Sklar was a committed leader of Disney .
he regularly carried out three benchmarks at the time of Miki-Hiire , which showed him time in Los Angeles , Paris and Tokyo , and the Miki-Hiire golden War .
and he never forgotten something that Walt Disney had taught him .
when Disney Company developed a California Adventure park , Sklar reminded the planners to add actions that parents and children could do together , as Walt Disney had requested .
&apos;You reminded everyone that Disneyland existed at all because it was normal for Wales to take its daughters from Diane and Sharon Griffithi park to carousel &apos; , he said to the magazine , Tim Los Angeles Times in 2002 , &apos; and the pawns on board board and snow.&apos; this is what we are talking about .
he thought he had become a colleague of great interest .
but why were his symptoms so different ?
at Traumapoint , he was given a large dose of thsetaminofegen to reduce the fever .
over the rest of the day , he was questioned , stormed , sorted and researched .
none of the tests showed anything , but they were also not willing to send home .
he understood the cause .
for the last two years , he had taken a medicine called ethanol to treat Sjögreni syndrome .
the medicine reduces the ability of the immune system , and it limited its capacity to combat infection .
Sjön is an auximmune disorder - a rather mysterious disease in which poor water pipes are attacking normal places , as if it were an invasive body that sowed the chaos in this case , which produces tears and heart , as well as in some categories .
this week &apos;s ethanol statistics were helpful in reducing the heavier pain .
but he knew that , because of this medicine , he was rather abated in the event of a serious infection .
when the atsetaminofeen started to work , the patient felt much better .
Traumac doctors decided to leave him to hospital for night .
when it comes to a virus such as doctors &apos; suspects , he will be well with him next day and will be returned home .
when , for the first time in his new patient , Girard has given himself a course with infections , to which the people who emit ethanol are susceptible .
it was a long list .
transplants cannot be treated before diagnosis is carried out , which is why he focused on bacterial defects .
one bacterium which attacks people with immunity is a food additive .
it is often found in unwritten milk and cheese , and it causes terrible acidification , shocks and taboos that he did not have .
the occupational disease is another infection that has spread among the protagonists of this medicine , but it did not have a clue or a lack of air .
even more widespread bacterium Staphylococcus aureus could cause over-infection but , again , it did not have excessive complaints .
nevertheless , a doctor would plan to start a large-scale antibiotic treatment that would cover all these risks .
however , when he met the patient , he did not feel that he would be hard hit by a serious infection .
Traumac doctors had not given him antibiotics .
the doctor had the opportunity to delay the administration of antibiotics and just to monitor and wait , but if the patient had read one of the indefects of which he had read the treatment , it would even have resulted in the death of a couple of hours .
the situation was made even more complicated by the fact that the patient thought he was allergic to the pensioner line , even though he did not remember what happened when he took it .
it created a shift in the relationship between risk and benefit .
the typically low contribution to whether or not to start antibiotic treatments will change if its consequences may be so dangerous .
he asked the colleague , the second resident , to assess the patient .
Mr Girard did not tell my colleague that he was planning an antibiotic treatment ; he simply asked for a look at the patient and his recommendation .
my colleague met the patient and agreed .
although he saw a good thing , he would be virtually defenceless against it in the event of an infection .
the doctor should give antibiotics to the patient .
as a patient has experienced a pensioner allergy , Girard should allow him to be tested to check whether he is tolerating a medicine that is not a pensioner but a close relatives .
Mr Girard has asked for a testdos to be manned .
if he had had had a serious response to the medicine , he would have suffered a blow or his blood pressure would have been humiliated .
neither happened .
he was therefore appointed in his whole story .
a few hours later , Mr Girard gave a speech .
the patient &apos;s body temperature had risen to 39 degrees .
he rushed to look at the patient .
the patient &apos;s face was the air layer in the doorstep , and it was the Roma .
although he seemed to be uncomfortable , his heart and blood pressure were fine .
the doctor thanked innumerable happiness that he had given antibiotics to the patient .
he asked for another Dr Tylenoli to be manned , and when he had to look at the patient for the last time , he painted deeply .
the fever has gone down .
Higine gelling and the Roma have disappeared .
next evening , when Girard came into hospital for an exchange in a woman , he first visited the patient .
he had also received five other patients , but for that patient , Girard at home was the most concerned after handing over to his current team .
during the hours when he did not see him , his blood organism had grown in the laboratory .
it was still too early to say what this is more precise .
it was clear , however , that this is a bacterium that is strong enough for Petri to grow quickly , and that it is not a Staphyloccus aureus or a Lithuanian-Commercial hospital .
the list of other options was long and none of them actually saw fit .
it took another two days before they were able to identify the bacteria at last .
it was a supplementary loophole .
Girard , like everyone who looked after the patient , was surprised .
as a doctor , images of diseases are appearing in a fine .
for Girard , there was an additional lottery disease that comes from unpastöstrued milk and soft cheese , and which causes birth , wastage and tabrust .
he worked even further on this unusual infection and found that , while people with a normal immune system might experience these symptoms , they would normally recover quickly like a patient &apos;s colleague .
however , in the case of pregnant women , the older than 65 years old and the affected immune system of people , the infection may trigger outside the secession - sometimes without the appearance of conventional symptoms - and enter the blood cycle .
it can spread over the entire body like the cost .
this type of infection , called invasive additional product , can result in up to 30 % of the deaths of patients suffering it .
indeed , although it is not as widespread as boboxes , the extra lotteries may be equally deadly .
an early use of antibiotics can save life .
when it comes to a food-transmitted disease , what was the food bearing this bacterium ?
although the patient and his colleague did not have unpaid milk or soft cheese on a journey , the search for the Internet this summer found an additional outbreak in Scotland , linked to a smokered beef .
neither of them had eaten up beef , but they were fighting a slightly smokered gap .
where they have picked up the bacterium in detail remains a secret .
when a doctor &apos;s team had found out what a patient &apos;s fault was , they were able to adapt antibiotics .
his three-week treatment ended in July .
doctors advised him to take him calmly to the end of the summer , but today he feels quite well and has returned to the museum and his loved work .
Pakistan &apos;s valued India does not find refuge .
after 70 years of the greatest wave of population in the history of the partitioning of two countries , the breathing is still moving from Pakistan to India .
tens of thousands of people who do not even have the legal right to work in India are waiting for them in the host camps on the border of two countries .
therefore , many have no choice but to extract illegally near temporary habitats - the Indian authorities , on the other hand , are following the movements of those who cross the border very closely .
most of the arrivals from Pakistan cannot wait for this kind of reception .
there is no work , no house , no money , no fire .
there we worked in the fields , we were farmers .
here , however , we are forced to burst the stone to earn our living &apos; , in an 81-year-old Jogase .
for us , division is not over .
the waivers are still trying to return to their own country .
and when they come here they have nothing &apos; , they added an elderly man in a camp near the city of Jodhl .
following Indian independence from British colonial rule in 1947 , over 15 million people lost their homes .
this separation caused a period of months of violence , in which at least one million people lost their lives due to religious hatred .
in the midst of bloody chaos , breathes and sits from Pakistan , which has just been formed , while Muslims were moving in the opposite direction .
despite emigration , Pakistan has still been valued as one of the numerous minority groups .
they account for about 1.6 % of the country &apos;s 200-million population in various estimates .
many of them complain of constant discrimination and fear kidnapping , rape and forced marriages .
&apos;The persecution started shortly after the separation &apos; , in Jogdas , whose family home only a few months before the two countries divided from drought , to access the current areas of Pakistan .
it was not a day when we could have lived in peace .
I wanted to come back to live in the middle of my prices .
the national government of the Indian Prime Minister , Narendra mod , has said that it wants to make it easier for persecuted people in India for religious reasons .
last year the government started to allow immigrants to obtain citizenship in their place of residence , in the past , the whole thing went through the central government .
the prices that have relocated from Pakistan to India opens up the possibility of accelerated citizenship after seven years of residence .
however , due to bureaucratic delays , this process is often much more time-consuming .
64-year-old Khanaramji left Pakistan in 1997 and became Indian nationality in 2005 .
however , according to him , many have abandoned and returned to Pakistan because they see that they do not expect a good life in India .
the government does not provide any support .
we are like cattle without the owner .
we are simply trying to survive on our own &apos; , to drink Khanaramji .
but even worse than poverty is the scepticism of the authorities .
those who do not have citizenship must suffer harassment from intelligence agencies .
they are routinely treated as agents of suspicion and of Pakistan &apos; , he explained .
Singh Sodhal , which laid the foundations for a dedicated charity organisation to help prices from Jodhul , had high expectations of the fashion that came to power in 2014 , but he has now had to be disappointed .
tensions between India and Pakistan have increased under the Modi Government , which is why migrants are suffering the most .
&apos;They will change into hell &apos; , drink Sodhal .
for many , however , the treatment of this link is better than that of life in Pakistan .
Horoji fled India with two adults two years ago , as he had started killing threats from Pakistanis neighbours .
&apos;We had to flee to India to save our lives &apos; , said 65-year-old Horoji , whose grandparents came from the current Indian territories , but found themselves on the wrong side of the border by breaking the country .
my grandfather joined the other side for his work .
but he told us that we would move to India at the right moment , because he knew that the future would be dangerous for prices .
on Monday , the last opportunity was to come up with a nice name for a ninasagic wand born at the beginning of June .
the animal population now has a lot of caste names to review in order to find the right thing to solemnly proclaim on the birthday of the world on 25 August .
however , a name can be offered to the North-West pods until the residency day .
from the beginning of August , a whole ninarvik family will be able to walk simultaneously in a horror leaf .
and , while Father Kigher occasionally runs around and sandy garden posters are copied , the mother of Kibibi will not allow her to be disturbed , the ninexutical theatre to receive a useful lesson .
although the birth elephant has passed , on 1 August , he saw the light of day in a jail and two homeless .
in the middle of the Kullipiel , ten cots may fall on the festival day of the summer .
the Takiiners , the narrower children of their own image , began a time of drunk .
on Thursday , another Vivacolori paint Day took place in an animal garden .
a large number of good assistants were recruited by the gardeners of the new camel house , the garney stamps of the mother elephants and the visual spectacle of the fathers .
in order not to disrupt the recruits , Fien and Draay have once again spent their time with the father of Carl .
on 9 August , the second class Wednesday in the Aavo Islands will be on the verge of thrombin .
the garden can be countered in remembrance by ninasavans and naardians in Kruus and other mediocs .
the revenues from the sale of an activity go to support this type of protection project .
on last week &apos;s tiger Day , over EUR 1 000 was collected at charity sales .
Jürk Kolk : Puhake for a whole year , so there is no need for leave .
of course , I was personally guilty of this leave not being broken .
I was also a somewhat necessary employee , but perhaps the only one who considered himself irreplaceable .
it was to blame for having blinded my breath .
the quotation at the beginning of this Chamber is fine in that it is completely true .
that was the case - the new authority that I started in March of this year called for a certain amount of work , but something at that job boys so much better for me to feed a new life for three months , and I cleared up myself .
this is a time of summer , of holiday .
it is time to make the promises of the New Year , look at what has happened in life and what direction this whole colour is taking .
&apos;That will it be Christmas and year-olds ! &apos; Hends a decent citizen wrongly .
perhaps it is , but we all know from our own experience that Christmas does not fit to think about life and to set targets .
well , I am speaking only for myself - I will not be able to make any changes to the yearly break .
that is too difficult for me .
of course , good luck and joy are found in the Christmas season : I like the beginning of the light triumph , like Christmas revenues , and Jesus also had a very sympathetic attitude , a revolutionary tone on the back .
nevertheless , during the Christmas period , I am mostly very tired and sometimes stressed - for the sake of this abusive blindness .
yes , I do a great deal of work , perhaps more , if I were to do some kup in the slaughterhouse , and I have constantly cleared .
for the most part , I have run up like the orav wheels in the run-up to Christmas - gifts , at least four Christmas birds , a slightly greater workload ...
given the unceasing social pressure to feel unconditional joy and peace in the heart , the difficulties of the Christmas period are obvious .
however , a desperate person and a tired person cannot make good decisions , let alone refine them .
these things need to be done more or less clearly .
a tired person is perhaps throwing an empty and resounding promise , which will help to lay the foundations of the future as much as it can from the purchase of a lottery ticket .
a promise that is meant to change something should be thought through calmly , it should be useful , it should be a plan .
the plan , in contrast to the promise , contains not only a code of conduct , but also a few minor setbacks .
that is why I say that the best time to deliver on promises is now , in the summer .
you just need to rest calmly and burn out why this fatigue is as high ( if it is ) .
if you do not commit yourself to silly betraying during your holiday period , a few weeks will be enough to find a place in your own lives that is worthy of sickness and to find out exactly how this is done .
I think it is important to live as much as possible that leave does not need to rest on an ongoing basis , not once a year .
so that leave is an extra honour , not a blash for survival , during which it will be downloaded so much as to be able to withstand next year in any way .
I recommend to everyone that there is at least one simple promise - if you have to rise in the next morning , that the House should sleep in good time in the evening .
I believe that , if one in ten of my constituents were to listen to my advice , life would be considerably better in Estonia .
I myself intend to follow my advice .
such attempts drive people .
it would be a very good thing if there were some thought and conclusions to be drawn .
the suggestion to spend a little more time investigating the background of those who want to go to war is obvious .
more generally , however , everyone could have a strategy that they share for themselves in the social media .
at national level , however , the question must be asked whether officials and politicians are sufficiently aware of the threat to the social media .
the life expectancy of bogus created under controlled conditions expired by the summer school , but certainly not by the skippers .
the fourth Estonian person in Finland received heart .
together with Finnish media groups , doctors in Northern Estonia ( PERH ) , Günter Tory Günter and Pentra , a herdiologist in the region of Finland , have estimated that the post-operation period has been expected .
&apos;It is very difficult to say how long a patient would have been able to live without a new heart &apos; was talking Poder .
for a maximum of eight years now , doctors have been living on a heart pump in the world .
the man himself realises and is not prepared to talk about this .
he was diagnosed for the first time two years ago , and the disease had already reached the final stage , the cause of heart was Islam .
&apos;Transfer for this sick was the only option &apos; , Denmark added .
according to Kardiogy , after transplantation , the patient will no longer have any windows with a heart pump or instructions .
it will only be left with roofs and immunities .
the patient can do sport and generally live like the ordinary person &apos; , he says .
the first year is the most dangerous .
a sisder added that full recovery will take three to six months .
according to both doctors , the patient must strictly monitor the taking of drugs and , at the same time , the pharmaceutical side effects .
furthermore , the patient must be subject to scrutiny in order to avoid a structural response from the donor group .
the most dangerous one is the first year , but according to ISHLT , or International Society for Heart and Lung Transparency , over a decade , 50 % of patients already live .
Denmark stated that in Helsinki , the results are better and that the longest-lived heart has been living for 25 years .
Kardioxurg explained that , as a result of the illness , the patient &apos;s blood cycle was put on a heart balance a year ago , which helped to recover for operations .
when the man &apos;s emphasis fell , he became a suitable candidate for transplantation .
the monitoring operation is not considered to be a very difficult passage in the TAS : it is very important to have the right timing .
&apos;He took much more time to get into the pump and then get into the heart when you put a new heart in , you say , &apos; .
in addition , the cardiosurge , as a complex part of the operation , has expelled from a body to a blood cycle .
rather , he says that it can be regarded as an extraordinary time , because the Estonians need it the least .
much more is being done about kidney , liver and lung transplants .
if there is a rare paragraph , there is an exciting movement , but we have been accustomed to this work for many years .
learning to know its own and its nervous system is one art of this Office &apos; , Denmark added .
there are four more people in need of this body .
the patient was told to have a heart , because none of the patients living in a country other than the one in the Community were settled by a body .
steel transport is an organisation for an exchange of organs whose members are Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Norway , Sweden and Estonia .
four more people are currently on the list of symmetry in Estonia .
&apos;They patients who are still locked up &apos; stressed Pyder .
the longest-waiting , according to the sun , is for the big men with a w0-positive veregrup .
&apos;Finland has a queue for this for about half a year &apos; , he said .
there are also some conditions for catching up .
&apos;The man of a woman does not normally have a place in the heart of a woman , a great man &apos;s heart for a small and so on &apos; , read the cardiosurge .
there is no need for a good allegation - from 7 to 12 August , the consumer in the centre of Tartu , the playground site , the film festival tARTuFF .
it makes a special focus on love films .
the programme also contains films which represent a tower of love , both new urban works and an old good class .
numerous special events in many places make a week of a university city a film .
all films are free for visitors , there are up to 1 500 seats , and this year there is an area covered directly to the screen in front of an artificial upheaval , which creates a situation for the town centre on a temporary basis .
in the largest straitjacket of Europe in Switzerland , the film can enjoy 8 000 visitors at the same time .
the Locarno film festival will be the centre of Piazza Grande , or Great Square , between 2 and 12 August .
within the framework of the festival , there are many representations chaired by recognised regasiders and parts .
as we arrive at a balance of law , payments of EUR 15-20 will have to be lowered for the enjoyment of one film .
the Pula film festival in the Rooma-era amphatris , Croatia
Gladiators , blood , a shouting crowd , a sludge - this picture opened 2 000 years ago in Croatia in Pula amfestival , where an international audience is now enjoying a filter in the summer night in July .
for the first time , an external screen has been set up in the Rooman era in 1953 , which makes the Pula film festival one of the oldest fertilisers in Europe .
under the banner , good films have enjoyed Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor , John Malkovich and Ben Kingsu .
the price is symbolic : thwarted Mediterranean films with high quality mean around EUR 3 .
Sali Montjunec &apos;s open-air gio , Spain
aside from the film , Szone Montjuc offers a wonderful view of the vacant air gift .
indeed , it is acting in the desert of Montjuc , or Jewish , in the desert of Barcelona .
in the darkness of southern Europe , the guardians of the Fortress in the mountains look at the whole Barcelona fixedöll , which is the value of looking in itself .
the organisers set up by the Valliavi sopphup to the great screen , where the well-known films from the &apos; La Lisse &apos; to Manhattanini in 1979 are shown .
at the same time , up to 2 500 people are in cinema and EUR 6.50 must be proposed for entry .
the ticket price will also be included in the NGO immediately before the film that is allowed to be used alongside its blash .
anyone who does not want to sit for a break or has forgotten the jet will be able to borrow the EUR 3 in the lamb .
under the cinema &apos;s stars , Italy
a real nostalgic Italian soul can be experienced at the centre of Bologna , where inherited local film archives are displayed on the summer night .
apart from the tenth largest church in the world , San Petronio base , there are between 3 000 and 5 000 people involved in films .
the buildings of northern Italy , mainly during the 15th centuries of enlightenment , together with the heat of the summer summer and the good company , are creating a romantic atmosphere in which every harvest north of the ground is melted .
between 19 June and 15 August , a new film is before the audience every evening , all free of charge .
the festival of the Bologna film archive under &apos; cinns &apos; .
film festival of the Vienna House of Commons , Austria
I have a film Meka with the music world , and even with films showing this : film festival on the plates of the Austrian capital ( Wiener Rathavaz film festival ) is planned exclusively by group conversations and music films .
5 000 free seats will be met from 30 June to 3 September every evening , as in the miracle .
in addition to the classical music stars - Placido Domingo and the Vienna Filharmonious Group - festival recordings of the junionical patchwork produce festival panic recordings .
special films in Vienna make the love of good food there - in addition to world music , the roes of the best restaurants can be enjoyed .
every day from 11 to midnight , a food and drinking space has been opened up , offering traditional Austrian tastes as well as bottles from Asia , Greece , Italy , Mexico and India .
comparison of the fastest scar packets : ecöclub tickets out of sauariathms .
the consumer of the Poscholar compared the most favourable packages offered by scarves to one person for a single night on 11 and 12 August .
&apos;Spaobhotels are different levels and choice of service , so one comparison is very difficult to make on price alone &apos; , Mr Sau , the head of sales of the CIS Tours .
compared to sophisticated accommodation accommodation , it turns out that prices for the most favoured packages vary several times , and that options are available both to the more demanding customer and to the more modest wishes of the buffer .
for example , if a passenger alone , from EUR 51 , Välska Spa Park in a single seat of the water centre in the house of buffet-air and breakfast , and in the unrestricted use of water park , power and sails , a package of EUR 287 per person will have to be evaluated as part of the Pädland concept .
it contains accommodation in the category Double Daraxe , the breakfast restaurant Alexander winter , and a &apos; load and a half-day &apos; package .
by choosing and comparing different packages , consideration should be given to the fact that , in order to obtain the most favourable price , a holiday should go to a friend or a comma , because two kids of night will be more favourably than taking an individual dog .
however , if there is a desire to hang on its own , there are two extra tobacco available to the visitor , both for special one-person tobacco and for the premium .
if , in general , the unaccompanied passenger simply has to pay a couple of extra charges for being alone in two , then compromises will also make it possible to find more favourable options .
for example , the FRA Mare Thalasso Spas package at a one-stop shop of EUR 86 , but if they so wish , a more favourable opportunity is also offered to march in two parts , provided that , in the event of a lack of space , someone else is seated in advance by informing the customer .
in that case , the package will have to be evaluated at EUR 58 .
it is worth being flexible in order to have the most favourable diamonds .
package prices are dynamic , that is to say , depending on day and day after week .
in the &apos; most favourable package , prices may vary from EUR 112 to EUR 248 &apos; , Mr Triinu , the chair of the Tarene , explained their pricing policy .
he also drew attention to the fact that in their hotels the price is changing , depending on the height , and added that normally the customer gets the best price , booking directly their website or asking their own supply .
since the summer period is the most rapid , leave is worth planning in good time to avoid a situation where the desired place has been sold .
for example , only svicts have been selected on 11 August , both in Spas , as well as in Strand Spa and conference hotel , and in the case of Vienna , where packages have been compared .
you do not need to look a long way to spend an opportunity to breathe leave : almost every major town in Estonia will find one , or indeed several , smiles .
at the same time , it is worth investigating before buying the package , and at the same time there are no major events in the vicinity , as it will push prices up straight away .
for example , the Valge dam events are taking place in The Hague between 11.13 and 13 August .
at that time , the health gap is very high for tourists , the demand for accommodation places and we are at the same time at the prices of the major events .
&apos;so , at that time , we do not have accommodation in the sale at a preferential price or a favourable package &apos; , commented on the wave of a scarhotel President Irene Prior .
&apos;Develling American &apos; under &apos; black break &apos; .
of course , I have heard about &apos; floating &apos; ships .
who would not be ?
after all , the Buddhist people go to Tallinna and Helsinki for many times on a day .
that is nothing special .
the Swiss company Supramar brought the first &apos; foiliva paint , Freccia d Oro or Kuldse onto the market in 1952 .
the technology has existed before , but now I have a mobile basis ahead of us .
Katamaraan , but it is crushed .
what formula should this increase in air ?
let us , however , save ourselves ( it is not difficult to find it ) and cast a look at the concept of &apos; clearance &apos; as a simple farmer .
why do aircraft remain in the air ?
the form of the wings is that , if an aeroplane drives ahead at a high speed , the air flowing from the wings and across the board , because of the difference of emphasis , at some point it is going to overload the air and it will ease the whole mass .
in essence , the same process is taking place in water .
it is true that , as we move forward at a high speed , the force is increasing , and that , in turn , is what emerges from the fault of the &apos; cherished &apos; .
is it simple ?
it is difficult to get to the figures .
a plane needs a minimum of 150-250 kilometres per hour for air , a world record of the winds is &apos; only &apos; 121.1 km / h .
however , let us not become bogged down in secondary school &apos;s physics .
today I have had to look at the &apos; directory &apos; that bears the name NACRAF-Carbon FCS .
NACRA comes together on the key signs of North-American Catamaran Racting Association .
the FCS is a short distance from Flight Control System .
it is a system that allows crew to be mandated in the middle of &apos; lenders &apos; , and 20 shows a crushing long &apos; feet .
as soon as the Catalan catalogues are released , it is clear that this is not a gentleman &apos;s Holiness Day .
Dr Monokul and Captain Sofficial were left in the room today .
milk and bubbles were not on board .
that is the case here .
that is the KIrish in Cuba .
&apos;That is a mesh ? &apos; I ask you by referring to the floor .
yes , all of this is symptomatic .
&apos;Why &apos;t I really understand ? &apos;
&apos;No , the whole pad &apos; , sounds a meagre answer .
170 kilo - our three of us who are on board will certainly consider more than 170 kilos .
I compare everything from sleep to athletic cars and nothing will happen here - NACRA f20 is a kind of bandid like a street vehicle .
Pagani Zonda R or Ferrari FXX .
one definite objective - to drive well and quickly under controlled conditions .
Asjalo-loving hobita would also be hunted down by the amount of security equipment that has to be dealt with before we go to the sea .
a watertight superpower , brokers , conglomerates , shoes , roiners , rockets , special rescue , a chip .
in Lahingen , there is a feeling that the hapnipballoon , as well as the sea , could also colonise Marss .
&apos;There is a great chance of going around ? &apos; I ask a funny tone .
&apos;Yes &apos; , there is a short answer .
&apos;You have gone a long way ? &apos; I still go to the ground .
clearly , that cannot be a joke .
I can assure you of the safety net .
it is also underlined by the fact that Nacra f20 FCS needs an arm and a minimum of two crew in order to be able to access the sea .
as many as three , so there is not much room for manoeuvre .
it is coming to see why this is not a sacred click .
Australian kitchen : capping to school .
a nyonah Australian ketta from indigenous peoples has inherited warmlaime and bathrug meat .
British roots have also had a great deal of influence on the table there - such as womete , wind butter , which is being tarnished together with a butter for 100 or for Greek , are reminiscent of the British Marmuli .
the meat was also included , or in a lethal surroundings , in meat bulls offered by campers and catatoes , originate from the British .
also , BQ Snags , the origin of the UK , is , in other words , the raw forms that the Austrians mature on gril , the British , but rather greed .
one of the local flavour is the Pavlova beseetort , although it is also referred to as their bread by the newcomers of the sea .
Magusa is still loved with cacavans and clumsy avid Anzac-matucs and a catalogue of celbe-chocolate in the middle of the Exony .
Honey Joys , that is to say some joy , is called &apos; magic &apos; .
Australian colliterary , Stephanie Alexander and his life work , the housewers &apos; coca additive &apos; , which is at least half a million at Australian home . / Blake Storey , Prime Creative Media .
in autumn this year , Stephanie celebrates its 77 birthday .
his father was a public official and mother Mary was very much in love of food .
Stephanie studied a library at university and , as Australian young people , if possible , they could discover after study in Europe .
in France , Stephanie &apos;s food love only estate and development .
in London , however , he met his first husband , the roots of Jamaica Montyt , with whom they opened up in 1964 in Melbourne , the easy place of feed in The Jamaican House .
ten years later , the marriage broke down and the restaurant closed the doors .
in 1976 , he already opened a restaurant of Stephanie , a restaurant intended for a somewhat more prosperous nation , at Restaurant , which was one of the highest feed places for the next 21 years in Melbourne .
a restaurant of March is still being talked about as the first place of Fine dining in Melbourne , which really can value fresh raw materials and offered seasonal food - a fact that now seems to be the truth of the air , but at the end of the last century it was not at all .
after the withdrawal from the restaurant in 1997 , Stephanie has concentrated on the signing of cowers , 15 of his closure .
in Estonia , although there are producer food writers , no book has simply been a collection of prescription .
Australian home cocktails have been irreplaceable in Stephanie Alexander &apos;s history .
for its life , however , it is the fifth consternation , the ultra &apos; The Cook of Companion &apos; , which is now at least half a million Australian homes .
the book first appeared in 1996 , the revised output in 2004 and the latest version in 2014 .
in my library , this is something which takes quite a lot of room for the early 2004 , because in the impostons there are about a thousand recitals on 1126 pages !
however , the latest option is even greater .
Stephanie Alexander &apos;s work : &apos; the Cook Companion &apos; is at least half a million Australian home . / Amy Pips .
it is a real cake milk , where , in addition to recipes , the purchase and storage of various raw materials are treated , food production technologies are introduced and recommendations are made for the purchase of vegetables .
foodstuffs are in static queues as well as many cross-references - obviously , the education of the library ran away from the food writer .
Stephanie himself emphasises that it was this book that changed his life and provided a new direction for future activities .
the popular feeling of the book that he has something to give to people has led to the next large , vegetable project , which in our circumstances is comparable to schools .
RASMUS Mäg : the preparation has not gone quite as I saw in enthusiasm .
&apos;Just not everything has been as I saw in mind &apos; , says about the training that preceded Mäg MMMM .
on Reedel-Saturday , there are important moments that show how the body is accurate .
and competition in any case demonstrates what we are looking for here .
today , I believe that my preparation has been of high quality in both this year and in previous years , so that it is possible to run normally on all of this .
something special on Sunday , according to the Estonian era , Mäg after the National Championships has not been working on the ground of 13.05 .
in recent weeks , there are often too many trainers .
there should be a warning , and it could be very useful that the last M-last week was a little easier .
on the physical side , the days of the start are as follows : yesterday , a truck of the puppet , today makes a warring trend .
however , he does not want to be very angry in his spiritual preparation : &apos; if I have a long period of time with my rutilines .
there is a lot of quiet and peace , and I will not let the headlines any rosé music .
I do not need to look at any motivating videos or to read suicides , but to be here and , at that moment , to assess the possibility that sportsmen across the world have come together to compare their abilities in one place .
this in itself creates a special character .
the mm is , of course , a year of peak for every frivolor , and Mäg is every pre-instalment , including in Temontspecies , having tried a few technical nuances , compared with a few contingents .
there is no possibility of experimenting in the transplant contest any more .
&apos;The aim here is simply to run quickly &apos; , speaks Mäg , but adds that , if the prematurity and potentially also the semi-final can make a meal or a couple of energy reserves , then they will definitely benefit from the next drink .
for the first time , the Central Party will go to the elections with the founder of the party and the ideological cornerstone .
so far , we have said the Central Party and we were thinking of Save or the other way round .
it is now up to the Federal Party to find a way out .
in doing so , they also need to locate the party &apos;s colours , sometimes criminal and embarrassing past , between supporters of the Saxony parties and the voters and expectations of the Save parties .
the departure of Saxony puts the Central Party in the most difficult ideological situation .
on the basis of past political practice and ideology , it can be said that the old ninasvik is playing them firmly .
a number of maps that have previously had a knock-on effect may not this time materialise .
the Populismikat for the Middle East is not working , because Savagar can always be allowed more than the Prime Minister &apos;s party .
playing on the Russian map is aggravated by the position of the Central Party in government and also because here , too , we are seeing gas sink by the so-called Savinova electoral union .
the patient &apos;s card is already in the Save pocket as a result of the ongoing trial .
for the Central Party , the People &apos;s Guard and the poor have also disappeared an insulting card .
the first of these is the crushing of this unvaluable and second stronger game being held up by the coalition partners in government .
however , one card could be even more important .
all the last elections have confirmed that it is the political parties that are able to formulate and implement the basic electoral structure .
at the very least , the main building block has shifted around Saxony .
if some political parties were to gain the idea of breathe life into a well-functioning confrontation , the Middle East card package is once again lacking .
what is left to the Central Party then ?
a strong party apparatus and a considerable resource are in them .
there will also be enough clouds in the run-up to the elections .
the self-advertisement of four years ago with taxpayers &apos; money is now , I hope , repaid by the majority of children .
there is still a city city city city city in Tallinna , but the cultivation of the party guerrilas is even lower there .
in addition , the party has voice magods .
their role will be to put them out of the fire at the tanks this time , because the image of the ruling party is not sufficient to motivate voters in a meaningful way .
in ideological terms , Mr Ratas must find his way , because the journey with saturation ended in this week .
the talent in the Holkut Weber : the man cracked into a foreign car on the train .
last night , at three o &apos;clock , the police met a somewhat selfish challenge .
indeed , a owner of the Audi announced that in a tanker at Port Arturi , someone was a stranger in his car and beer .
the patrols that responded to the event found the man who , when he arrives , fitted up to business .
indeed , the man on his journey was tired for a moment and found a place in the back seat of an alien man .
&apos;The man , apart from the removal of the law enforcement on his own way again &apos; , describes the Western presert in Facebook .
good an end , all good !
vio : Vassiliou has already created a second penal for a new club .
at the ninth minute Wrocław Slaski was left in the game at the site of Piran , but he was able to digest 20 minutes later .
in writing . - ( FR ) You had an excellent opportunity to secure the first victory for the Piast season .
four minutes before the finishing touches , the Polish defender created a penal .
the match ended with 1 : 1 gram .
two points have been raised in four rounds and are in the pre-15 seat in the loophole .
the most stupid questions to be put to the bar .
Huffington Post brows issues that have reached the bar &apos;s headlines , which they would not like to hear more easily .
what drink can you do best ?
in some drinks , there are indeed more ingredients than in others , but in order to produce them , the same skills and skill are needed .
the bar services often interpret this question as &apos; What is the easiest / fastest to prepare for the summer at the moment ? &apos; which signals to them that the customer has whatever he drinks , whether to make it difficult or not for the bar .
what drink do you love best ?
this question is interpreted in the same way as to what sort of cocktail would be the easiest to get away from the bar at the moment .
that is not the case for the creditor to say , but the customer makes the decisions itself according to the plates of his own wallets .
rather , the bar question would be asked whether there are any special offers at the moment .
what is good here ?
perhaps there is a genuine desire behind this question to find out whether the bar is distinguishing with any offers other than that , but it could be asked otherwise .
nor can the bar foresee what the customer might prefer at all .
would I have a drink that would not be very swept ?
there is a rule , just like the previous one , that the bar does not know the taste and the advantages , and that , for one thing , is not necessarily the case for the others .
however , he is prepared to listen to the taste that the dogs are supposed to contain .
will this drink cause me a headache / pophmell ?
in front of the bosses , the media are not a forecaster to know that customer , have no hand in heart .
the police will seek the Estonian sun according to the magazine .
Europol chooses the star of the Tallinna Slub .
the Russian citizen , Ernest Gammer , who stayed a foreign man in the Tallinna Slub in 2010 and caused severe damage to his health , has received a list of the most deprived in Europe .
the Belgian officials already knew in June about the contamination of eggs .
&apos;We already knew of the possible problems with the puppet proniili at the beginning of June , Katrien Stragier VRT , spokesperson for the Belgian Office for Food Safety , said in religious terms .
we immediately started an investigation and we also spoke to the Prosecutor &apos;s office , because it could have been a fraud .
there was an investigation that was made secret .
we understand that people have health issues and we are trying to answer them &apos; , Annex Stagier .
the news agency AFP tried , in recent days , to get information from the prosecutor who is involved , but it did not say anything , because the investigative judge banned the publication of information .
the derivatives have been withdrawn from the market as a precautionary measure in Belgium until the results of the analyses become clear .
millions of Dutch eggs that have been withdrawn from the marketing in the Netherlands and Germany .
the German Minister for Agriculture , Christian Schmidt , has called on the Dutch and Belgian authorities to bring clarity to the matter quickly .
&apos;somebody has clearly polluted the eggs in a criminal manner with a banned product &apos; , said Bild to the German newspaper .
according to the opinion of the Estonian Line and Food Agency ( VTA ) , the eggs produced by pesticides in the Netherlands are probably not in Estonia .
&apos;We know that Dutch eggs in Estonia are not &apos; , the VTA press spokesman , Martin Altraja BNS , said .
he added that there are also no products produced from other Dutch eggs in Estonia .
according to the Statistical Office , eggs from the Netherlands in Estonia have not been imported in the last 10 years .
most recently , Dutch eggs were brought to Estonia in 2006 .
the Dutch authorities suspect that pesticides on fiprong reached chickens as a result of the Dutch company Chickfrin &apos;s attempt to cure the chicken suffering .
reports from the Dutch and Belgian media that a substance containing pesticides reached Chickfriendini via a Belgian company have not yet been approved .
in large quantities , the fipronage , as the World Health Organisation reports , is moderately dangerous and may have a negative impact on people , particularly children , kidneys , pay and a killer face .
how do you stand up if you try to get a child ?
it is therefore very important to keep the fibre mill on the label even when you try to create a new life .
Mr Füle will advise on how to do so that it does not seem to be a typical obligation .
take it away as an obligation .
this may happen to any couple trying to pregnant .
sometimes pregnancy can take years .
if you go on , you take spontaneous and romantics .
try to be spontaneous !
women often feel unable to enjoy the &apos; ordinary &apos; cycle at the end of the cycle when it is known that there will be no positive outcome .
this is causing tensions , which in turn will lead to a reduction in sex and less sex will , of course , mean an even greater chance of not being pregnant .
however , men feel that they must be able to &apos; exist &apos; if they are required to do so .
if you know your fertile days , it can be good for you to plan something romantic with more dearly .
be it a special dinner or just spend time together - enjoy each other !
take the fruitful period into account .
from the point of view of refoulement there is absolutely no point in mixing when chauvinism has taken place , but in order for your couple to flourish , try to fool a few days after the fruitless days .
although there is no proof that contraception takes place more firmly than that of a woman &apos;s orgasm , it does not forget it !
let us remember that each couple is different .
everyone will be able to do things differently to the bee-making stress .
some men want to be aware of the cycle of a woman , while others prefer not to know that they would not feel pressurised to &apos; demand &apos; .
no one knows you better than yourself how you are best suited .
find your solution .
studies have shown that a higher degree of success is the case for couples who are sex every few days , but not every couple can keep such density .
the most important thing is to find a pattern that is best suited to you as a couple .
the 10 inexorable advertising junk , which makes the appearance of food more attractive .
as many foods are hard to look , the picture uses a very different component which deters people - rather than milk , for example , a litre of potatoe or potatoes .
the YouTube Cantop Trending provides an insight into which tricks are quite common in the world of advertising .
if someone opens a pophask in advertising or takes out of a box of a box of hamburger , a number of songs of it will emerge .
in reality , the butter is longer and , throughout this period , the cum of food is not immune , because the hire comes from a high blood content , which , for example , has not been produced in the timber products .
therefore , bottom-up cotton cotton has been set up in packaging or food , which has the capacity to absorb and preserve our own water .
in the immediate vicinity , they are respectful for much longer than Burger or popcorn and the product is knowledgeable .
the Cartnader is a great abstract for photographs , because it will not be melting in the hands of lies or heat and will not make a significant difference to conventents such as many other food products .
for example , instead of a crew or a roof polar bears or ice mantle , it can be a carnage .
odd colours and declarative elements , and the consumer has been deceived yet again .
the Liim replaces milk .
it is not easy to look at milk , either , because it might not be so white at all on the back of the photo .
in addition , foodstuffs produced with milk will quickly become lön within it .
since , for example , the morning bands or swindle have to look in milk clothing and sleeping , instead of milk , a compound is being used that is not going through any generosity .
if restaurants are able to make a lot of effort to produce meat in order to produce the result from the volume and from the bottom up , it will not be done by advertising .
however , it is precisely the meat presented in advertising that looks particularly attractive , as if it has come directly from the gril .
however , it is often picked up on the banner or being done in greed , and the grillling tribes are pulling on the meat with shoes other than cinema .
it is just as difficult to work with disability as it is with ice , because it tends to be melting .
fortunately , there is a product that is almost identical in the field of whale to a whale - a trawling leaf .
it could , therefore , be in advertising for boys or marches or within milk cocktail .
even on the surface of the fruit sold in the shops , there may be a straw layer that makes their appearance more attractive .
however , that is not enough for the foto , and it is the deodorant who will be sprayed to add the cotton threshold .
the asthma is also not very fogetic because , in time , they will become liquids or will , for example , be released into water .
here , however , we need to resort to a gun whose private colours and more permanent television make it possible to make attractive paint strippers .
the cloud is probably also used on those pictures where melting chocolate runs on a cog or ice .
when you look at a code with ideally impaired passages in advertising , where the bistun relationship is perfect , there are probably some extra layers or pieces of paper being used .
this is because you can break this code and break the picture .
if , after being cut off the cake and spraying them with perfection , it leaves a rather awkward impression .
a couple and a nightmare are also used inside the burgger to put all the ingredients there in place in order to keep them in the place of beauty .
that is why Mr Burger &apos;s sentence does not look like advertising .
paper is an awkward chicken .
in advertising , prizes and Austrians look out of juir , but it may not even be ready for maturity .
to add an adult &apos;s impression , a full piece of paper is being packed , if necessary , it will be buried before this potato has been mentioned , and then it will just be sprayed to brown with a coloured colour .
Pannals are poisoned , particularly in American advertising , with a trader transplant , because this picture gives rise to a great deal of publicity in people .
in fact , the scramble into the transplant dose quickly and the flow of a transplant disappears quickly on the label of photographs .
therefore , every banner is being sprayed through a cleansing instrument for diesel , which will help prevent rapid infiltration .
it is often not helpful , either , and so the golden engine oil that is poised and presented as a transplant is resorted to .
in U18 Estonian in the semi-final hull , the best of Britain and the A-divomp did not get .
the match started at an extremely rapid rate and the first quarter won by the British in five ( 18 : 23 ) many refunds were thrown .
in the second quarter , the difference increased still further and the rest break break break was mini in the nine-point success of visitors ( 31 : 40 ) .
Estonia was able to win the third quarter , but only on one point .
the Estonians died before the last 10 minutes there was an eight-point ( 46 : 54 ) .
the fourth quarter botched Estonia &apos;s game in full and , in the end , the loophole with the figures had to be lowered with 61 : 75 .
the loss crushed the Estonians &apos; hopes of reaching the A-divomp , because only two of the best concentrations can get there .
in tomorrow &apos;s third place , Estonia will be faced with Croatia - the loser of the game between Israel .
Augustiblum was living in a ruler , a slander was switched to Tallanda with a chip .
Ivan was able to play down to the end when he was hit by health buffers .
the ambulge was invited , who mastered his heart for several decades &apos; , speaks to the editor Indrek Ditmann Elu2z .
&apos;There was a delay in the plan , but the festival goes on &apos; , says it and adds : &apos; the pubt has been informed , of course they also saw everything that happened in the songs &apos; .
currently , Ivan ambulance is on the way to Tallanda and it is not known whether or not he will survive .
of course we hope for the best &apos; , Mr Ditmann will conclude .
a spectator told the lives of the West that health buffers were hit by Dengnkot .
first of all , the man put a stop to the song , the game started to bypass and the man fell on the wall .
the slanderous console Jan Uusku asked whether there is a doctor in the audience .
a little later , he asked to pray Denisenko .
Ivan Disenko / Augustibo
Ivan Disenko , Ivan Blues , is a well-known Ukrainian artist and a cultural player .
the Ivan music route started in the Ukrainian national art and architectural fields in academics , in parallel to artistic studies .
the university was immediately inspired by his incredibly deep bust and called the Kuldne Vev , who is universally known , to song .
he was a friend to the people who gave him the bonuses and who later became his brothers in the band .
the first group of the band called Ivan Blues &amp; Friends took place in the Kiev base on 31 December 2007 , known as rag-Tmiraus .
since then , the band has been operating on a regular basis in clubs , conglomerates and schools across Ukraine .
it is viewing : Levadia destroyed the Paide Linnaming team in the home square .
Levadia has put itself in a difficult position , because in the last round , a surprise has been lost on the future of Vilja and the leader of the table , Flora , has taken advantage of the opportunity offered , already sliding to seven points .
but , behind us , Livadia has reached the same level as the Levadians .
the Pays , who have been imprisoned in the course of the summer &apos;s changeover , continue to miss the captain and the medium-scale , Andre Frolov .
out of the last seven games , only two reference points have been nourished , there are eight places in the box - Tartu Took four points and four points of the future in turn .
to Levadia lost 0 in the first game in the street of the Pays : 7 and 2 : 5 .
the Central Party does not want a &apos; Save ready &apos; Union .
the leaders of the regions of the Central Party across Estonia made an appeal to the public and to the political parties , which calls for votes in favour of the Central Party and not of electoral associations .
above all , this message is addressed to those who are considering EDAR Savagos between the electoral union and the Central Party .
we struck the answer to Ansipile : we have done a great deal for Estonia &apos;s success .
the Vice-President of the European Commission , Andrus Ansip , in an interview to Kroes , said that he was saddened to look at Estonia &apos;s day-to-day policy , because the Jüri Ratas Government has just and unpredictable the tax system on its head .
the press took the opportunity to ask me what I have done for Estonia &apos;s success and what I can be proud of .
I am delighted that we have made many important decisions in the government as a good team and with the months we read , many of which have been expected in Estonia for more than 10 years , have been written in the social media today .
according to the Ralevel , these decisions are , for example , a reform of the tax on people &apos;s incomes , a pension reform to ensure a decent retirement age for the elderly , a reform of the municipalities to balance the development of Estonia , an increase in agricultural aid for rural recovery and , of course , a health reform to provide accessible and high-quality medical care .
&apos;I wish you a good holiday ! &apos; wrote in the address to Ansip .
it is worth knowing : how do we calculate how much sugar is in dairy products ?
&apos;According to the European Union &apos;s food labelling standards , the packaging can indicate the quantity of carbons and sugar , which , however , does not coincide at all with the white , the &apos; board of desks &apos; , confirmed Valio Estonia &apos;s marketing director , Krista Kalbin .
according to him , dairy products are in practice three types of sugar : the litmus test in milk , the natural dairy coffers , the fruit gllcose and fruktos , and an added sugar or saharos .
however , bearing in mind a few simple basic truths , the calculation of the amount of sugar included in the product contained in Kalbin should not make it difficult .
first of all , it must be made clear whether it is milk or milk products that have been stunned .
in normal milk and milk ooks there are about 5 grams of a bar of milk powder , or a coin of 100 grams per product .
in the dairy products that have been used in the milk sector , yoghurtic or kepaste bacteria have been a part of the final product during the process of wrapping , which has resulted in an average of 3.5g / 100g of sharned dairy products .
in order to calculate the amount of sugar added , it is the first to reclaim the total of sugar at the cerepper , in Kalbin .
now it is the fruktos and the glue of the bottles and fruits that have to be calculated in the sugar collected .
&apos;generally speaking , for fruktos and glue milk products , in normal 3-4 % of grain content is ca 0.3 grams and , in particular , in the marvelle of 15 % of the crop content in products with a content of up to 1.5 grams &apos; , said Kalbin .
according to him , this simple calculation shows that the amount of sugar added can be up to twice as much as the proportion of sugar specified on the packaging .
in the case of non-food products , the situation is slightly different , as they are subject to sugar content depending on production technology .
a 10-year-old man jumped off a plane .
during World War II , St Verdun Hays has recently received a military prize to mark a watershed which has broken the world record .
indeed , in 101 years and 38 days from the age of age , the man committed an army , thus sending the oldest subprime minister to a person in the world .
in anticipation of the emissions of the air , is Gerd Kanter making the history of MMM ?
the current mood is in eight places for Kanter , none of its conglory in London has achieved this kind of achievement .
moreover , the Kanter is the only redistributor in history that has won a full set of medals ( gold , two silver and two pronges ) from MMale .
today ( 5 August 2017 ) , Kanter 38 years and 92 days are old .
if the past turns itself into a twofold world championist , it will be the oldest hefist who has won the MMil &apos;s goldiktat .
the Polish army has a similar option , Pjotr Malachowskil ( 34 years and 60 days old ) .
other exciting facts :
more than one time , sportsmen from only two countries have come to the World Cetter .
in Germany , there are nine golden weeks , Lithuania has two .
the World Cup record belongs to Virgilina Alexna &apos;s name , which is 70.17 in Helsinki ( 2005 ) .
the lowest result that has been won is 66.20 - it is in Rieves ( 1991 ) .
why do the dogs seem to be breaking ?
sometimes it is thought that a dog will eat a lot if he does not feel well and wants to kick himself .
in fact , the vast majority of the edible dogs are completely healthy .
just under 10 per cent of the coffers who seem to be breaking out because of a few diseases .
one of the reasons why a dog can suddenly start to eat a break may be nutrient foodstuffs .
those dogs , who have faith , can take a greater interest in the face of a break .
therefore , if the dog , who has not burst in the past , has suddenly emerged from the upside of the wheat and is often eating it , it would be worth going back to the doctor in case to get quickly to grips with the problem of somadic organs , for example .
it is worth pointing out that a dog may be eating a blow also because he likes that taste or he is just boring .
if the health problem is excluded , it would be worth ascertaining that the family &apos;s dilemma can still be sufficiently developed and incisive .
over 200 people were employed by the police during the Weep .
in the town of Pärt , more than 20 crimes were recorded in the days of festival .
there is reason to associate about half of them with a baricature , to have a large quantity of narcotic substances registered alongside the use of violence , and to have two drink driving .
the misappropriation started by the Sahel was mainly linked to the consumption of alcohol by minors or the possession of banned substances .
a letter was written in a theft and in a breach of public order .
police stations brought more than 200 people for various reasons .
about half of them were minors , and mostly the police station was the cause of alcoholism .
there were more minors than half of the boot in the soil .
half a hundred people were also taken into consideration , just as much as they did last year .
the former head of the police station , Andres Shuman er , is expected in view of the large numbers mentioned above the crowd .
as in previous years , we had thoroughly prepared for the weekend this year .
we have included additional requirements from the prefectures , police missions and aid officers from elsewhere in order to ensure a readiness to react quickly .
most situations were resolved by word and sufficient communication of law enforcement with citizens .
&apos;You may have missed a few antagonies , because the police in the city had to see and feel enough , in our estimation , &apos; Shumanity spoke .
his opinion was extremely positive that minors who had been fed alcohol were obviously less attractive , and young people proved that they could be cared for .
he commented on the top level team in the security company , who looked after safety in the festival .
I would like to thank all the festival supporters who thought themselves up politely and held the brakes safely .
&apos;Let me also thank the local people , who , with their understanding of the success of the Grand Pestival , contributed &apos; , a policeman was appointed .
in the treasure police stations , the owners are waiting at the weekend for the town and the mountains found in the festival .
Annika Pälna , the head of the company Annika Pälna , who was responsible for reserving the stock in the province , had lost pipes less than the surface this year .
in the Flemish police section , more than half of the current payments were made to owners .
most of all , during three days , bank cards , identity documents , mobile phones and techniques have been abolished .
&apos;At present , the owner is still waiting for 13 mobile phones , three bags , laptops , clever and several car buyers &apos; , listed as Pälna .
in Latvia , the most non-citizens live in Daugavpils , Riia and Liepata .
in Riga , there are 125 344 people without Latvian nationality , 14 266 people in Daugavpils and 11 909 in Liepacha .
outside the major cities , people without Latvian nationality live the most in Jekabpils ( 2347 ) and Valmieras ( 1235 ) .
at the beginning of 2017 , 242 560 people in Latvia did not enjoy Latvian citizenship .
in 2007 392 816 people without Latvian citizenship were living in Latvia .
in the United States , two elite university employees were arrested on the basis of a national hunt .
a 42-year-old Northwest Professor Wyndham Lathem brought himself up to the police in California when he was sought by the police .
however , the staff of Andrew Warreni , a 55-year-old university , received police officers in San Transparency .
men are suspected of being cruelly filled by Trenton Cornell-Duranleau of 26 years .
he found the death of Lathemi in Chicago at the end of last month .
a few days later , in cash under the name of the death of the suspects , a major donation was made to a library .
before handing himself into the police , Latham was sent to friends and family members by a staff of the Chicago police , according to whom a video was sent to the greatest blood of life .
the CNN video did not see and the police do not publish it .
according to the police , this was a brutal murder and his body had been immune by wounds .
Warren had recently arrived from Great Britain Chicago , but the investigators have not yet ascertained whether and how he was familiar with the victim .
before arrest , both suspects fled the state .
in Australian waters , 3 US naval personnel were lost in an air accident .
the US naval force and the naval army stopped searching operations , reported the vessel vessel vessel base in the Camp Butler Statement in Japan , basically confirming that the army will no longer find the disappearances alive .
the accident happened with the naval navy plane OsPrey MV 22 , which started off tomorrow in Richardi .
there were 26 people on board the plane , 23 of whom were able to find and save .
a plane that failed in the sea took part last month in joint exercises by the US and Australia in the Quensland state of Shoalwater Bays .
Australian defence minister Marise payne said that the incident of Saturday took place near the coast of Shoalwater Bay .
the south-west Japan is preparing a typhoon for the arrival of Noru .
a large part of south-western Japan , including regions devastated last month by rainy rainfall , was preparing on Friday for even more hatred than Typhoon Noru , which was one of the strongest storms in the world this year and was increasingly close to the main islands of the country .
according to the Meteorological Office , from the south-west of Kyushu island in the south and from Tokyo about 1350 km from the island of Amami on Friday , strong winds and heavy rainfall are being caught and , in the next 48 hours , it is possible that up to 800 mm saints are being hunted down .
a representative of the Meteorological Agency said that Norway , which is a kind of fear in the Korean language , would then most probably turn to the North and cruise the rain to Kyushu , even though the main sections of the island hit last month by rainogens and floods that killed 36 people and left four disappeared , are likely to escape the worst .
&apos;This is an extremely slow , mobile storm &apos; , he added , noting that there is therefore a greater risk of flooding , as there will be plenty of rainfall in one region over a longer period of time .
Norway , which at one point was a category 5 typhoon and is a routinely long-distance storm , formed first two weeks ago and drowned around the Pacific north before moving to hopes , targeting Japan and weakening its convergence office .
the representative added that , depending on the change of course , Norway can move directly to the guard over Kyushu and then bypass the Japanese Honshu Islands , but it is still difficult to determine the longer journey .
an aeroplane drew in the place of the United States into perfect shape itself .
the pilot led to an interior nationwide flight over the United States and even a bit trapped on the route .
the air carrier &apos;s data in real time , according to data from the air carrier , indicated that it was not just a straight line or a rock , but with the air carrier , which formed an aeroplane with one another .
the flight from BO004 Bay , according to the Boeing Field airport , which is monitoring air traffic in real time , was fixed at about 15 : 40 on Wednesday , according to the local time .
Boeing 78-8 Dreamliner took the direction of thwarting Montana , Northern Dakota and Minnesta before a sharp change of course and flying to the edela .
a strange route from the map is a passenger aircraft with two engines .
according to Boeing , the flight is part of the 18-hour &apos; resilience &apos; of the aircraft .
&apos;instead of flying with a false pattern , the testing team were driving the guise of their imagination on a route from which the 78-8 contours consisted of 22 counties &apos; , the Boeing Company representative , RT.comoma , said to RT.coma .
&apos;Dreamliner &apos; refers to Putin &apos;s Sound region , where Boeing &apos;s Commercial Airplanes home .
it is from northern Michiganu to the Canadian border to South Texasen .
there is a room for Huntsville in Avama , in its annex .
a distance from Boeing to 7 to 8 Dreamliner was introduced in 2009 .
the aircraft will have up to 242 passengers and will be able to fly more than 13 600 kilometres .
as the pilots used radar as a personal roof , the flight attracted a peripheral interest on the web among aircraft controllers .
some suspect that this is a treasure , others once again suggested that it could be a strange coincidence .
a former soldier was sentenced to prison for murder of a pensioner suspected of sexual abuse .
a former soldier was sentenced to at least 17 years in prison for the murder of a man who was suspected of being mistreated by his familiar wife .
Richard Castiy ( 70 ) was sentenced in June at the Supreme Court of Glasgow to David Farishi ( 75 ) for his murder in Tweedbank Roxburgh shire in February 2016 .
judge Lord Summer called the murder &apos; particularly brutal &apos; , as the victim &apos;s bodies were 14 storms .
a defence lawyer , Brian McConnachie , said that the killing was caused by &apos; current madness &apos; , but he described the facts as &apos; extraordinary &apos; .
Cassiy heard that Farish had been sexually abused by a woman for a long time .
his lawyer said that he went to Farishi home and &apos; amicable &apos; with him in the hope of receiving evidence and not attempting to kill him .
Lord Summers claimed that , on the day of the attack , Cassiy demonstrated signs of intent and referred to a report on social work , which showed that the accused had been trained by military forces on how to infiltrate through friendliness to a group .
no accusations had been levelled at Farishi .
it was reported in the court that , after the murder , Cassiy was in contact with the police and brought himself up .
McConnachie said that the majority of people find it &apos; hard to understand &apos; that Casity is capable of murder .
the Defence lawyer said : &apos; he has never had a problem in his life before this incident .
he lived a full life until this moment of dismadness in February 2016 &apos; .
Cassiy &apos;s health is said to be poor and has been hit by heart and disability in custody .
according to Lord Summersi , he took into account , at least 17 years of imprisonment , that Castieti had no prior convictions and what he allegedly said about Farishi .
the Scottish police described the case as &apos; a hapra older older man &apos;s particularly appalling murder in his own home &apos; .
the investigator , David Pinkney , said : &apos; although this punishment does not make his or her cruelty , I hope that it will offer a kind of solution to the David family &apos; .
Prime Minister Jüri has today visited the fourth largest island of Estonia , the island of Vormas , in the framework of a small island , where local leaders and residents met to discuss the topical issues of island life .
the district of Vorms originated in the port of Sviby , where the Prime Minister &apos;s wheelchair was welcome to Vormsi vallavanem Tanel and the Chairman of the White House , Ivo Sarapuu .
first of all , the historic Church of St Olavi and the outgoing fish unique in Estonia in terms of their carcasses and songs .
a study was followed by Vormsi &apos;s nurser-North school , where the Director , Age Hälvin , spoke to the Prime Minister about the school &apos;s lifestyle and the teaching order that some of the students from school have a distance to study .
in 2015 , a new and modern operational service unit of the Prime Minister , an additional meeting with the island population , was held .
the debate dealt with important issues for the population , such as the development of airlines and routes between small islands and continent .
the state has undertaken to ensure regular transport connections for fixed small islands , but rising traffic during the summer period , for example , makes important journeys for local residents more difficult .
these are the places where the country can already take local wishes and needs into account in the planning process &apos; , the Prime Minister said .
in addition , issues of construction , interesting education , the safety of the island and rescue capacity were discussed .
today &apos;s Vormsi visit was the last part of a visit by Prime Minister &apos;s small island to familiarise the island &apos;s living environment and to discuss the issues to be resolved by local residents and municipalities .
in July , the head of government was raided by Saareland , Kihuser , Ruhkut , Abruka and Vilsand and the island , and in the course of the Manilada , August , he had visited the Naistrian Islands , Prangl and Aegl .
the cold summer has led the Estonians to travel abroad to the extent that the package journeys are not only expensive , but have been sold regardless of price .
cheap air tickets and last-minute tickets are also not rewarded ; it is better to think about next year &apos;s travel plans .
at the press conference yesterday , EDGAR Saxare , a member of the Riigian Assembly that joined the electoral union , Olga Ivanova , said that the Saxony electoral union would provide the Central Party with healthy competition in the elections in Tallinn in the autumn .
however , what is the likelihood of EDGAR Satenar &apos;s cooperation with the Urma Syellow Electoral Union &apos; at the &apos; Tallinn &apos; action ?
the chapter on U18 , Vaido Rego : the Play-off-off-game can be decided by one or two .
in the U18 Legislative Assembly , the EESI B-divomp in Poland was disposed of by 68 : 63 , Pervenent Vaido Rego , it was a veritable record meeting .
the game was fun .
both tides had done their homework , the points came hard .
it comes into play with a fact that has better nerves .
Play-off might be a one-and-two playing game &apos; , discussed the Rego .
yes , but the trader is looking first and foremost for what to improve .
it always gives the button .
some of our mistakes were not justified , the opponent received leisure and lived on them .
that is what we have done in the past - if we act aggressively to protect , there is a risk of overstretching .
let us learn &apos; , say Rego .
he has today used nine players , Robin Kivi , who have been between a few meetings , and who still used the ground .
these decisions are born on an ongoing basis .
the fibre made a breakfast cooling-off and pre-game insulation , but it was not yet 100 % ready &apos; , explained the driver .
tomorrow , at 18.15 , Estonia will meet Great Britain in the final half , who today humiliated Bulgaria 76 : 73 .
the winner of this game will push the U18 Legislative Assembly in the next summer of the EEA by the summer .
a woman found a stranger in a washing machine - to whom would it be ?
&apos;They started washing off the machine when the bright between a washing master in my eye &apos; is spoken by a woman of finding a life of love for her washing machine .
as a matter of fact , the thresholds in Karin &apos;s first care of washing at the door did not pay any attention .
I have set the masse up again .
&apos;At the ears of two small children , the strained laundering is created immediately &apos; , the woman is muzzled .
when the second layer was passed and I started to pick up the wash , it still remained my head in the eye and then I found the finger there as a kind of bone washing machines .
the name - Tomi - of a man who was married 14 years ago has been appraised as a village of marriage .
as someone in a family with the name of a man or woman who could be in marriage with a few Tomours does not know , the war is a complete mystery .
in Karin looked at the parent from her child that perhaps her daughter has been found , pocket and the finger has been thrown out there into a washing machine , but the child confirmed that she had not brought her finger home .
Karin has lived a year in the street in Tallinn Madala , with her fellowship .
in the past , they were selling it out , and the machine is also coming from that time .
but if the war had anything to do with the rents , how did it get into the machine ?
&apos;Now I am now demanding and cannot understand the route of a journey to a washing machinery &apos; , a woman is laughing .
as the lifecycle from the desert of two small children is quite rapid , it was forgotten that it was first at the coffee .
&apos;recently there have been postings seeking the owner of the gravity of marriage , and it now seemed that it is high time to look for the owner of the screening that he himself has found , refers to a case in the social media where the level of helplessness found in the street in Tallinn last week .
&apos;As Facebook finds and searches for different things , I was the first to try the best there &apos; , speaks Karin , who has already shared nearly 4 000 people .
&apos;Please has received all kinds of feedback and not everything is good &apos; , he risks a woman , indicating that he was advised to take his man on the lips with the first comments .
then there was the feeling that it was necessary to do so now .
that my man has become the biggest deceit and has been heard of .
to be honest , I was concerned at the beginning , but later , when the comments were made that I myself have been sleeping with the holder of the war , it is already laugh .
the Commissions also suggested that maybe the poles of the clothes have reached the end of the day .
&apos;Well , the last six months ago , in a bid to work , one of the other pieces of work was bought that pulled into a machine without more in-depth research , but is it really a woman who talks about the numbers ? &apos;
be that as it may , we have agreed with our partners that now , in principle , we have to find the holder of the war .
let there be no reason to lose that circle .
divorce , family dispute or whatever .
I think that this is the only right thing to do , because if I ever had to disappear in terms of helplessness , I know that I would be most grateful to a person who would try to find me and return a valuable asset .
Karin has also approached the family status office to get help there .
however , I received the reply that in Estonia , on that date and the name such as Mr married .
one word has been found by the owner .
recently , a martyrdom found in Tallinn Pelguranna on 21 July , the gravity of which the grapes were allowed to concede that it belongs to an elderly woman .
&apos;Who said to the House at home in the morning , I noticed the outbreak behind the 53 houses of the house , in the insurmounted iron , the golden war &apos; , he says that graveers promised that it belongs to an elderly woman .
Gerli put the foto the heel ( the pill ) on his Facebook leak and the group &apos; noticed in Tallinn &apos; , distributed information with the town of North Tallinna and the North Pecture .
in two weeks &apos; time , the police contacted Gerga and announced that the Highter had been identified .
&apos;Look into the daughter of the owner and , on Monday evening , the daughter went to the guest &apos; , because the old Mrs had injured her hand and put her finger on the other hand , where it had slipped down .
&apos;he lost it the same day in the morning when I walked with his house &apos; says Gerli .
occasionally , it is still necessary to be wrapped , for whatever reason .
however , when the brain between the skin is hanging , it is time to take one hot road .
there are sufficient resources available for this in the forest .
the home of protection does a small insight .
what we are talking about is that the cofeine and the wrong way contain cofeat , which is , to some extent , a virtual act , but is not the best for our health .
the plants found in a free nature must always be ready for testing , because both the prescriptions and the tastes are different .
some plants do not need to wait long , just hot water is enough , while others must be left to the hours .
of course , it must also be mindful that water and plants are clean enough .
it also depends a great deal on the time and place of the clean-up .
let us look more closely at how to prepare some simple roads and what impact they can have on us .
a magic wand .
a martyrdom can drink around the year calmly .
if a day it is a good thing to wash 2 litres of water , that road will do well to meet the need for C-vitamin and , at the same time , to give some extra energy .
as with all plants , it is also possible to obtain useful elements from the gamblers using alternative methods , for example by crushing - shocks do not have to take a long time , hot water will be enough and , for some time , drawing lessons .
for half a litre of water , it takes 0.4 litres of chickens , which come for 15 minutes .
the result is a drink containing nearly 25 mg C-vitamile , a lot of calium and zine .
in addition , the drink contains around 1.5 sugar passages , or Sca 20 kcal sugar .
in order to improve the taste of the taste , cohesion and honey can always be added .
and if the drink got its home , it can be diluted like a transplant .
it is the same way to prepare the way for Cuba , but the drink itself is flavouring a little differently .
the waiting list is excellent and will help a great deal of woes , from a journey to a whistle .
in the developing world , fatigue will help to overcome fatigue , will be a painkiller file and will help in the case of hospitalisations , both as a deterrent and as a denier of the fever .
consequently , it is not worth more than half a litre a day .
the waiting time is also for a smell , which is why a more calm moment should be found in winter to be able to enjoy it .
in order to produce a drink in winter , fresh whests , cows , networks or brands will be used in a brick wall .
for half a litre of drink , you need a bit of a pack with a lot of time oxide to be wooden as long as water becomes a red meal .
there is also a risk of attracting the vets .
to do this , the scenes and the hoves are drunk in a warm water of those hours .
longer and more intensive working is also making the drink .
a prepared warkek can be added to a footwear route as well .
Muscell-dolah
Muscladder is a disability that looks like a patchwork on a puppet in the village .
it is mostly found in the bits , but elsewhere as well .
this area of application is very wide - hot in drink , fire , virus rather than virum , and so on .
the ash can also be washed very well .
the path of Muscoodkudkut is a kind of superdrink that can be used to treat very many diseases , even cancer or leniency , to raise the tone , to reduce stress , to prolong life expectancy .
Seen contains a number of unique compounds and many B-vitamies , as well as antioxities and a little mineral and protein .
roads made from Seen can drink every day , there is no risk of over-consumption .
in order to run , around 3 x 3 cm of a series will be sufficient , which will be in between 2 and 3 litres of water for between 5 and 15 minutes .
a woman walks walking around the globe : my day &apos;s budget is USD 5 !
in truth , I have had such experience too , true 40 days in which I decided in southern France to live a &apos; wholesale &apos; life , just to be free and to live on a daily basis .
a hobby in a tent , a forest , a small town station , etc .
in the second week , I joined a French &apos; homeless &apos; , 44 year-old men ...
Oi , do not think that some pedesics vms : Ööbbwe just got in the same park Menton and we got friends , even though he was 15a parent of me , was a good thing .
it turned out that the man is a great family , a member of Paris , a former officer of the French navy .
the Alkot is not wise , the sun does not , in a word , a decent person , an intelligent communication and a pleasant one , a life ...
I joined him and we went back to 3 weeks later , from city to city , and also about 5 to 5 per day .
the money came , as much as it was living .
the man taught us how the adage was to provide assistance on closed hotels and restaurants &apos; steel and road farms .
we have worked so much to ensure that , for the next 2-3 days , there would be food for money , and then on ...
at some point , I was a fever and decided that it would not be possible to replace ...
I took a flight to Helsinki , there at home .
and , by the way , I still regret .
those 40 days , I think , were the best in my life .
Jürgen almost referred to Facebook recently : &apos; quotation is a poor recital &apos; .
therefore , I will not look back and try to recall what has been done in history to resurrect the human nature and what results have been achieved .
I will not assess whether these tests can be considered successful or unsuccessful .
I will also avoid excessive reference to sources , although , in a while , I am relying on the idea of my top teacher , Tomas Paull , which is that all my thoughts are borrowed from somewhere , if only remember where exactly .
the most striking dynamic of Estonia today is the resurrection of the citizens of the Republic of Estonia - a perfect person .
we will not grow him like we grow a child - in good faith that he is a person .
we are bringing him up as the ruling class envisaged - which one person must be able to live and speak openly in Estonia .
censorship is perfect .
although the local ruling class changed in part a year ago , some rearing methods are as frightening as they were from the previous ruling class , now impoverished addresses - their brutality does not fall to the least of the previous ones .
they are quite simply different .
Latvia &apos;s beer is the brink of a new era of voter .
0.5 protest would be mandatory for national leaders .
it is not only the politicians in the ruling class who are paid for their work from the state , but also those who are aware who are doing politics on a voluntary basis ( read : deliberately ) : writes by means of opinion plates , boasting Facebook when terrible people around them in Estonia , they are propelled , they boycott , uniforgive , sabotagging .
they are only willing to attend ECHO Chamber ( the English expression of people living in a space where they only have suitable opinions , such as their own friends of Facebook etc . ) , but this was not possible in Estonia .
there are still some fellow Members who think or do something that is unbearable for chaucojargarian .
and that is the logic of the words open and the business corners are mysterious .
we have a great number of politicians who know exactly how many people can cheat with whom to sleep , how many children can work , receive a lot of pay , when you can pump what you can think of , how you can break your minds , when you die .
very important points .
if there is anything other than what they have said to their public speeches , they are outraged , insulted , hysteria .
the fact that in several European countries people are travelling with a &apos; heaven &apos; car , and this is permitted by law , their opinions are not shaken .
zero tolerance is the only permissible in every area , but behind zero tolerance there is no care but evil .
class anger and fats - just like me .
politicians can only open skies , but never mind .
they believe that every &apos; measure &apos; to which they improve society works and is worth trying .
fortunately , they have a glass kitchen under the belt of adequate size Kardip , kitchen kudkudkuds with a mental disability who jump through every window - without feeling the pain .
for this reason , it seems to us that a clever farmer would open up his skies and he would be beaten emotionally by a piece of illusion that that is what makes sense .
a few words that will certainly send us into a sham winter are , for example , tomorrow , a refugee , a woman , violence , a job , etc .
to believe everything that self-serving officials , activists and politicians ( such as this are just a small part of all groups , but they can kidnap in such a way that the whole of society complains ) talk and writes , the citizen is not only an antagonistic , a vulgar and an unpleasant one , but also without brain .
but let us not believe , do not tolerate coercion , do not prohibit drinking .
an Estonian person will in any case drink as much as he wants , not as much as the country allows .
an Estonian person will , in any case , tolerate more if he is not forced to tolerate .
the Estonian person will change his behaviour two months before the elections , so that , if the objective is achieved , he or she will turn the back not only into his popularity , but also to pick up again what unpleasant brain kills are rapidly restoring .
anyone else is not the right course .
I do not believe that any person can be regrown .
I believe that you can teach a person .
to drink your reasonable , love my family , to be a hard-working , polite , a leisure fellow , not just for friends , but for society as a whole .
in order to be taught , it is not always necessary to impose fines , limit , ban , force , order , sink , sink in the media disgrace .
the teacher must set an example .
a standing politician is talking about the loss of tobacco ?
a policeman exceeding speed in free times punishes me for speeding ?
and then it will be between the other colleague , the jomle ...
I have such a knock-on idea that perhaps we should try to bring the ruling class over again .
to tell them , do not run in secret .
if you drink , drink openly : with the plate of the House of Commons , in the eyes of the whole nation .
forcing the motorway to be overcome only openly - the cars of rulers , private cars , be they all red .
if we are , then govern as you govern yourself .
perhaps the shame will be enough then if words and actions do not go together .
or we will find out that we ourselves want to be governed by those most evil .
because all of us , the pioneers , are what we want not to be at all at all .
where to flee for themselves ?
this weekend a rainy will be allowed , so it would be time for a proper trend to be done .
why not trimming legs !
your &apos; RE gorges &apos; share recommendations for nine habits , which should help us to achieve more secretly and better at the time .
admittedly , the first changes should be seen after the first trennying !
a bus driver saved eight cutbacks from driving , without knowing that dogs actually have a owner .
&apos;Why to which I put these eight months , I would have been thrown out by a woman , along with a dog , by a bus driver Oleg , who rescued the cameras around the journey at the border without supervision , handing them over to the asylum worker .
soon , however , the owner of a dog of refuge became apparent for whom the scenes were taken away from their homes .
the bus driver of Harjuland , Oleg , has said that he has been working as a bus driver since the beginning of the 1990s , but such a case has not previously been covered in his career by &apos; What I was travelling by bus to 1 46 of his normal routes .
close to Harju-Rist , I noticed that the road is running around something small .
I thought it was a bar , but it turned out that there were four cents &apos; , a bus driver reminded us .
you had a bull in your hands , and he stopped passengers full of buses in order to fill the wounds .
&apos;The damage started , the cars would have travelled over them and the dogs had crossed them &apos; , the word was Oleg .
he added that passengers were sensible and that they were also offered low cost coffers with great joy .
a little feared at the beginning , but then it became a lax bus .
a bus on board , the bus driver went to a new front because the timescale needed to be followed .
at the same time , he saw another four small dogs there when he walked through an inventory of sheds .
it was a German lamb coffee .
they were so immediate and they had to see that they had been looked after .
the dogs were beautiful , even shocking .
the first thought was , of course , that someone wanted to get rid of them for some reason &apos; , the bus driver said that , for this reason , he had decided to set up curious buses .
&apos;Look after the four months and called the police &apos; , recalled Oleg .
the practitioners contacted the animal shelter in Tallinna , with the workers coming to the tiny Baltic plant .
however , was the bus driver not tempted to take on a stranger ?
that was the point .
one of the colosses was so beautiful and calm .
a beauty was said by Oleg , like a adult koer .
but where do I put these eight cutbacks in ?
I would have been thrown out by a woman in a corner with a dog .
we still have a small child .
to take a belt still &apos; , he added it .
Eve Tobias , the animal shelter in Tallinna , confirmed that 8 German cucumbers for sheep , who are two and a half months old , were indeed set up for asylum .
but already on the same day , the owner had to go to the family of governors .
&apos;We did not even put them in and gave them just off &apos; , he said .
&apos;The owner of the dogs was not very angry , but he said , though , that they had the only way of looking the house and the bus driver could have asked whether the scenes belong to them &apos; , was talking about Tobias .
however , the adviser of asylum added that it is good , at the same time , that the onset of the bus driver has cleared up the rivers along the way and therefore did not happen with accidents .
in fact , it was very good from the bus driver that he reacted !
the landscape has met where , if necessary , the best will of conventional vehicles simply cannot get .
that is where the solution lies with the ATV .
the ATV , which has been used in a military area , gave an overview of the home of Kaice !
there is nothing new in the use of such light-weight and good vehicles in military structures .
the need for them has already come up during the Second World War , but more attention has been given to them in a decade later .
simplicity and strength
as early as 1956 , M-274 from Willys Overland factories , known as a mehaanhaanic mumula , developed from a vehicle designed to defuse the wounded during the end of the Second World War .
it is a little odd to describe a mehaanist mur as a way forward .
it is hard to imagine a more attractive vehicle .
a wheelchair platform , a charade and a rol : everything , a luxury .
it would have been far too hard for superfluous constructions from the engineer &apos;s desk on the order of business to have put their production on too high and squeeze .
however , in a war , what counts is much more permanability than comfort .
in this category , there was no fight against elsewhere in the Vietnam jungle that was tested .
the machine weighing less than five hundred kilograms in Vaevata sacked the headlines where the brakes from Willyse Yep , who had been with his superpass capacity , had to be shown in the strongest terms .
for the most part , vehicles with almost 500 kilos of chicken were used for transport purposes , both as poppy and as a driving force .
sometimes , lighter , unsettling tanker weapons were fitted with the rest .
however , such a lorry came down , and this has happened , in the last few years , it was possible for the driver to put the Roma system forward and get it so low that the vehicle could be managed in the bottles .
the stock was built up until 1970 , ready up to 11 240 , and they were using the army until 1980 , with the spread of the HMW race .
the next two decades had a rather marginal significance in the military circles of the ATVs .
they came back to the picture after the twin towers fell in New York , and US soldiers found themselves in the desert of Iraq and Afghanistan .
it is there that the knowledge and the notion that something is needed that would fill the gap between Humwee and the navy was born .
since the ATVs do not generally provide considerable protection , they are not the best way to deal directly with the challenges of the battle .
however , fast and easy appliances are suitable for carrying out specific tasks .
for example , even in intelligence and rescue operations .
there are currently thousands of ATs and UTVs in the American military .
most of them , such as XUV550 , called by the Defence Union , are basically similar to those in the civil operation , but have been supplemented according to the needs of the army .
the names of Kawasi Mugabe , Hondly rancher and Foreman , Yamalgly Rhino and Arcec Cat have been represented , and the ever-increasing choice of the leading military ATde manufacturer Polarise models .
in 2013 , the Polaris concluded a five-year agreement with the Centre for American Special Forces ( SOCOM ) on the supply of twismetic MRZR2 and MRZRZ4 , and a separate five-year agreement on MV850de made in Sportsman , which both inflamde and infant and innovation-white bees will ensure innovation and innovation . we can also have after the taboo of 50 calibre .
before the MV850 market came into the Polar , MV700 and MV800 had to be supplied to the military .
in the case of MV700 , it is a military version of the 700c Twin Sportsman in the Polar Twin Sportsman , which has been included and wanted , a two-part fuel tank for major distances , a strengthened raam and a few more military equipment with which farmers , or any other forestry , will not have a greater presence .
just as with the Polarise ATs , John Deere M-Getats , used successfully in Iraq and in Afghanistan , they are equipped with armed forces , baggressor and some other elements that are useful in beatoes but necessary in the combat zone .
a vehicle weighing 750 kg will be able to take on almost its body weight , in other words , 570 kilo degrees .
the capacity of the engine will also be sufficient to transport lighter offs and megaliners .
the amended image of a guarantee that excludes the aspects of which it makes it possible to vehicle baggage from A point B , which is a small but puppet large of the pump .
later , the revised versions A1 , which are 20 hobug power more powerful than the original 20-20-hoburobust M-Gator , and the subsequent strengthened A2 framework , which is even better to manage and pump difficulties , and A3 , which has combined the positive characteristics of A1 and A2 .
the fire brigades , Messrs , in fact , as early as 1997 and 1998 , in Bosnia , where medical brigades used them to evacuate the vulnerable .
at the same time , they also reduced the burden on their own mobile soldiers by stealing a degree that would otherwise have had to be paid to the market .
if the majority of the ATs in the power structures are specifications for vehicles used in civil consumption , there are also some exceptions .
the most prominent are the names of Phoenix International Prowler in military relations , which have been used successfully throughout the world in all eventualities , intelligence and rescue missions .
according to the manufacturer , for the first time ten years , the bottlenecks of vehicles that have been presented and set up to carry out special operations have been overcome , which are typical of the traditional ATs and also of those that the army needs to be demolished , both in terms of manifest , resilience and safety .
as someone who is from construction and from the greatest distance to normal ATVle , Prowler is completely different in terms of both its design and capacity .
it is quicker , more resistant , more stable and able both to manage and experience greater difficulties than other vehicles of the same kind .
for example , if , in the case of the ordinary ATV , the driver has to play a constant role in order to maintain a vehicle balance with his body replacement and use both hands to manoeuvre , to speed and to put a brake , the management of Prowler is more similar to the management of the car .
however , it does not matter , in the end , whether the Prowler , the Gator , MV850 or another ATV or the UTV - the concept and area of use are similar to all of them .
and it is clear that in circumstances where defence spending is being overstretched and the scattered , fixed targets instead of the wider conventional war are being harassed , light-weight and fast light-duty light-duty light-wearing vehicles are with the army that has joined the army to stay in service .
&apos;Look late , but I was not &apos; , the actor Raivo E. at the dam in Ironman 70.3 finišis a wide slaugh .
it is true that , in the course of the entire half-long trialogue , the navelt Raivot did not get away .
what is more , with 21.1 kilometres running , he got a conversation charge : &apos; I spoke to one person during a drink , one man walked down and wondered : &apos; Issand you are still talking about the coffee ! &apos;
at the distance of Joota Raivo , who had energy for cheese , went over a few speeds to a fast walk .
Treener &apos;s recommendation .
&apos;Ain-ALAR Juhanson said that the mountains can walk up , that there is no point in forcing up , because there are such increases here and there is little difference in time as to whether a drink or a motorway walk , &apos; says the speaker , &apos; says that he took the lead and adviser to hear the words of the Adviser .
at the same time , he was able to breath the times of his walk and , even after the finishing line , he was able to exchange unbreathed on the left and the right interview .
as if there were no floods of 1.9 kilometres behind us , 90 kilometres of cycling and 21.1 kilometres of drink .
&apos;If I think my training is also such that I can enjoy this competition &apos; , admit to a train in January , and today my body scale has been lost by 16 kg in the fait accomplis .
and , as far as interviews are concerned , it was my wish that I could have done after the finishing interviews .
after every contest , I have been able to give interviews and I had hoped that it would be good to have been able to do so even after Otenä Ironman .
I thought it would then be all well if , after Ironman , I was not on the west coast &apos; : in contrast to the peanuts of the West Midlands , the Raivo finichiline offered a completely different picture : a hand in a vicinity towards winning the sky and a genuine joy of victory .
there was also reason : Raivol took 46 minutes and 24 seconds , 90 kilometres of vehicle for 3 hours and 32 minutes and 21.1 kilometres to run 2 hours and 18 minutes .
&apos;my heart has now been given to the trialogue &apos; confirms Raivo , who has already shouted in the finitum that he gave a finger of friendship to sport , and it took a finger at the taxi .
I have already registered myself on 20 August Gran Fondo - 230 kilometres from Tallinst to Took !
so , again tomorrow !
the third festival day of the Week will send a strong wind .
that is how the Adapper in the eye of the whistleblows was left in the hands of the captain who is trying to fly by the wind in the throes .
without this right , many festivals even state that skies and eyes are full in the sand .
I think we have done quite well .
we have done our job and doing well &apos; , the outgoing police officer , Andres Shuman , says how the Weber has broken for them for the first two night .
Shuman er says that , even today , patrol policemen and rapid respondents are on the streets and are also in contact with people - that is , they have questions and they also want to know how to get a rapid response .
in two days , the police have had to deal with some of the brains and also with drug cases .
&apos;There have been some narcotic handling of a large quantity of narcotic substances as well , but summaries when the Weep is over &apos; says Shuman .
a few hundred people have been through the police station for two nights .
fortunately , extreme strikes against the police have not been necessary .
incidentally , Shuman er says that when the skies come from steeply and horizontally , they do not have a lot of work .
one of the leaders in the field of the police in Haiti has ever said that the rain is like the extra worker .
the rest of the police have also done star in the Weep area , where things that have been found can be done and where their missing affairs can be counted as well .
by the way , the police even lost out as one of their necessary vives , which was delivered by good people .
look at the video that Mr Shumanity &apos;s Appet was still talking about .
however , the Weber Balticoss boss Gunnar Vies talks to the Right that , at the beginning of years ago , the Festival received Finland and its owners went to look under the coast side of Riia to enlargement , suspended Pänus and so olifestival sold in Estonia .
Gunnar says that they have committed 25 000 visitors a day , but the buses will only be counted when the festival passes .
the preparation for this year has already started in September .
&apos;We had the city &apos;s information that construction begins at last site , there will be a hotel &apos; , says Gunnar what change the Quartet had to face this year .
there is not a single Koppa there at the moment , but one would think that if the KOPP did not go into May this year , the next will be .
perhaps that is how we should have moved somewhere away from it &apos; , he explains why the festival has moved this year .
the capital order will be over these years .
people work in Weep between a thousand and a half thousand - police officers , management teams , volunteers , traders , security and so on .
the hardest thing , according to the Week , was to get a duo Thim Chainsmokers .
after all , men are now the undisputed figure of the popmusic world .
why The Chainsmokens was difficult to get a Weber , and how does Gunnar comment that two performers cancelled their representations , are already looking at video ?
the West is coming from therapies to Estonia .
in the north of Estonia , there have already been a number of noise stories and a few sparks to be seen .
this afternoon , the digital service also issued a discreet warning .
today , mainly in North Estonia , there are a number of sudden .
sudden bills are moving from the West to the east quickly .
&apos;For wind outbreaks in the home country up to 15 , island and coastal 18 m / s , but the sudden may result in stronger winds &apos; , stands on the service website .
however , a much larger heat storm rages from south-east Finland and Russia to the east of St Petersburg .
fortunately , in Estonia , the winds are blowing from the West and from the Eath , so there is no risk at least initially that the major storms would turn to Estonia .
the Finns organised a dance dance for their men .
when the first male tankers in Rakveres were held 11 years ago , the organisers probably did not forget that the northern neighbours from the small town of Estonia would follow suit .
today , however , the first Finnish tankers are being held in the west of Finland in Lapua .
&apos;The representatives of the city of Lapua were so enthusiastic about the male tanker in the last friendship city in Rakveres that they wanted to organise something similar &apos; , reported Rakvere abilnaté Kaihlak .
&apos;That is what is happening today in Finland with the Lapua pper layer , in Finnish 100 celebrations , at Mies-Tanssipidot , where there are also 100 men from Viruland &apos; , in the words of Pihlak .
according to Pihlady , this is an excellent example of good cooperation between the two cities of friendship .
it also marks the anniversary of the Estonian and Finnish republics .
among the 100 dance men , the chief winner of 69 times , Karl Reinkubas , is also a rocket .
&apos;Let me have the honour of being one of the 100 men who , with their attendance in Finland , are the men of Viru capable of &apos; , he said .
&apos;Rakvere tangled men have set everything in their mad working order to show a decent level for northern neighbours &apos; , also commented on the undertaking Againval member of the Rakvere municipal government .
the incoming of the men of Viruland has been set at the tanker Tarvanklavil Tarpäl leader of Tibet with a poison with the well-known head of home , Elo Liod .
the Estonians &apos; Koregratia is based on a catalogue of burdens .
the first Estonian male tanker was organised in 2006 , the last in 2015 in Rakveres .
although media attention has been focused mainly on the Pärt and on the Week that is taking place there , it is not the only music affair this weekend .
there are also loyalty festivals on the Incirid Front .
one of them writes , for example , in Twitter : &apos; I sold the Weber ticket so that I can go to Incirest &apos; .
and why not .
in addition to domestic artists , there will also be performers from America , Finland , Lithuania , Hungary , England and elsewhere .
the festival in the global forest also surprises the arts there due to the location of the magic wand .
one of them , Lucy Rose , was unable to wonder today in Twitter , where Estonia has a beautiful place .
however , visitors have also not been narrow in the distribution of intermediate walls .
in order to be able to participate in the earthquake itself , the gallets are also looking at !
although you have reached a weekend , you have not lost the course of action .
there is still a lot of hard work , trying to spur other people on too .
one could forget the concerns and , together with the cost of wearing out .
take the time for you to enjoy each other in a beautiful , romantic place .
when we talk about the bush , there are big plans , or promises ... which , a moment later , seem to be going .
the second party , however , recalls your words .
being a frigate is in some way uneconomical , it is difficult to focus on something .
your sense of self-esteem may not depend on what is happening now , but on the things that have happened in the past .
in a difficult situation , too , it would be possible to act quickly and in a rational manner .
you may help someone out of trouble today because you have enough intelligence and determination .
rather , there is a lack of concern about money and business matters .
take the time to bury and relax .
working on the PRC can be tiresome and can be a cause of nervousness .
it may be that , with experience , there is a serious dispute in which you have to defend your positions forcefully .
if others cross the border , you will do that .
you feel better in a habitual environment , doing things that you can and that can be joy .
you will probably not be thirsty for new knowledge and adventure now .
evading is an activity that you will probably never get full of appetite .
today , too , you are on your back .
however , what happens in a family is not necessarily normal .
it may be that , in spite of a free day , you still have to contend with a glass of therapeutic vans .
or then they will be physically at home , but they will still be at the table .
if you want to experience hard , you can offer it to travel .
in the course of the adventure , you are taking on board , you have to pull together to keep on the wave and to maintain a balance .
wasted energy arguing for money .
only if the situation really requires urgent and decisive intervention will it take up .
in Indonesia a husband was burnt alive , with three heligans stolen in mosques , the Hungarian news agency , MTI , will be replaced by a Hungarian news agency .
a 30-year-old theft , in the vicinity of the capital Jakarta , burned out with the heroin city of the Bekarta on 1 August , but the Deputy guard observed him and the silver : &apos; take up ! &apos;
Tuldu &apos;s help and the immediate location was to be followed .
it fled the motorcycle and even flooded the river .
the failure lasted a few kilometres , one of the backyards hit the fire of the reservoirs , causing serious injuries .
the ruminated reservoir was caught in the arm and beaten through him .
one litre of fuel was over petrol and put him on the fire .
Syria died in incinerators on the ground .
the Secp was transferred to the East Jakarta police hospital .
the police took their hands with both the dead motorcycle and the stolen heliabilities .
the local press initially reported as if it was not a treasure , but rather an electricker , who had wanted to repaire the heroin capacity .
however , these claims were flagrantly betrayed by the police .
the screens of the fields stated that they would not make a statement on what happened .
according to the DPA of the German Scientific Agency , this step is due to the lack of trust in the police or judicial bodies in particular .
Indonesia is the world &apos;s largest Islamic country .
of the 255 million inhabitants , Muslims represent as much as 8.2 % .
the patchwork of Estonian children is influenced by multifresses .
if , in Europe and America , the children of the arts or rumours are often shaped by the children of the King Family , Estonian parents will choose their magic ideas on the basis of what happens in the cinema .
the British little prine Georg is becoming mother , Hertsoginna Cahterine , following the example of a veritable moguru .
just like his mother , a prine can unleash in people with their rites a true shopping madness that has become even a definition of its own - the prine George effect .
the last such wall took place a few weeks ago on a visit by the King Family to Poland , where George kat the Spanish brand in Tizas left 10 euro cover-red bulldozers buried by a pack of 24 hours .
the Shopers of Estonia probably did not have much among them , because the lacklush of the King children allegedly leave our parents completely cold .
Anna Ansmitt , the Commissioner for Communication in the Caucasus , says that the children of the Stalinist couples and the foreign motors in general are not affected to their parents &apos; works .
in Estonia , films , multitude and also YouTube &apos;s channels are the highest guide in children &apos;s affairs .
thus , the finger at the ears of the most popular products in recent years , the multika &apos; Frozen &apos; gamblers , butchers , clothes , tangles or cats , strains and so on &apos; .
at the same time , he confirms that , if he so wishes , his children in Estonia can be ranked in the same way as the European princes or Prince .
a man was hostages with a modelli plan to sell him on the dark web .
a Polish citizen took hostages in Italy to the British motto .
the honey had a 20-year-old woman planned to auction on a hotline , or webred on the Internet , announced Guardian .
according to the police , a woman was attracted by 11 July in Milan &apos;s promise that she would be able to work on photographs .
instead , he was stunned and moved to the crops close to Torino .
it is alleged that a woman in prison tried to sell her GBP 230 000 on the Tup Web and submitted her mobile phone office to ransom .
however , the wife &apos;s prisoner led him to the British consulate on 17 July .
the police confirmed the suspect Polish citizen , Lukasz Herba , who lives in Britain .
according to the newspaper Corriere della Sera , the man found that the kidnapped woman had a small child and did not want to sell her as sex slaves .
the delicate data on vulnerable children of negligence was published as a result of the profiteering of a department .
as a result of the worrying infringement of information , the personal data of children who are wrongly caretaker , including information on whether they are sexually active , were sent to the mother of a child .
a mother was sent with e-mail , which included the names of all children in the city of Victoria , the birthday , the places of birth , and the specific concerns and places where they are concerned .
the email revealed every child &apos;s place of residence .
it has been pointed out in the list that a 13-year-old boy has been released against a bail and that sexual behaviour shows that one young girl from 15 years with problems of self-injury , abuse and disposal of certain substances is &apos; outside a boy friend &apos; and &apos; no laughter this evening , and that one of the 14-year-old boy needs help in &apos; and that it is physically safe and bloody &apos; .
the table seems to be a transfer document intended to be sent to the supervisor of night exchange .
the document contains notes as to when some children are waiting home or whether they can make contact with staff in order to be able to stay in .
there are alarmingly many details on some children .
there is a warning about a 15-year-old boy : &apos; when staff contact to get permission to search and / or laptop dog / USB to be reviewed because of an inappropriate sexual material , this authorisation must be granted &apos; .
the document also states that a 17-year-old girl , who will only be in three months &apos; time and will be exempted from welfare institutions , is at risk of a suicide bomber to such an extent that staff will have to call an emergency laboratory immediately when he escapes .
it was noted that he was out of the EU-16 suspended boy and &apos; later contacted with staff to go after &apos; .
although only the name of a house in which children are kept and not their addresses has been mentioned in the places listed , there are still plenty of detail enough to be able to find them .
the data leakage from 2015 came out when the mother , Fairfax MEDIA , had her experience with the Ministry of Health and services and with child protection since she took up her daughter four years ago .
he agreed to share his concerns now that his daughter had received 18 and left systems .
the heart-breaking decision to hand over their daughter to the protection of children was taken after a violent incident at home , a case which is one of the ever more cases of family violence experienced by parents against their children .
it had worrying consequences that the mother could never have predicted ; for example , he was able to get seven criminal charges within six months of leaving his home , he was moving to hundreds of kilometres of home and sweatings where he had successfully handled , but then he was moved back without informing the parents , and he was able to facilitate and care for the relationship between his parents and his two daughters .
the relationship with the former friends of the boy , the 17-year period with which the welfare institutions allowed a woman to attend a local hotel regularly at the time of 15 years , ended when a young person was presented a few days after the age of 18 because of his relationship with a child &apos;s offence .
&apos;Why did he get out of the system worse than when he enters there ? &apos; calls the mother ?
&apos;and will this happen to all the children of negligence ? &apos;
he speaks volumes in favour of creating an authority to enable children to be traced in the health and service ministry in the first few weeks after they are taken into care before they are moved to their homes .
this would enable them to understand better how children interact with others and what the risks and their needs are , particularly in an educational way .
the government of the state is looking for new ways of reducing the need for children to be placed in their homes , in an attempt , among other things , to support their parents better .
a definite guideline of aid packages , financed by EUR 62 million over four years , is aimed at helping children to move from home to better organisation of care .
furthermore , USD 5.6 million of a two-year experiment made public by last October will enable professional carers to be offered to at least 28 children in order to help them get out of their welfare or avoid getting into it .
according to a representative of the department , information leakage was not officially notified when it happened , although the mother says that two departments were informed within a few months of the incident .
the department is now working with the service provider to analyse the case .
&apos;All alleged privacy records will be taken very seriously and we will work to ensure that it has not had a negative impact on the young people concerned &apos; .
last July , the Minister for Family and the Childhood , Jenny Mikkos , commissioned an independent review of the privacy of children &apos;s samples during a five-year period .
the department agreed to the seven recommendations as a result of this and has subsequently updated the ECHR to ensure that staff clearly understand their roles and privacy procedures , changed IT systems to ban the automatic transfer of certain personal data , and formally looked at the privacy services of the department .
so far , Woody Johnson , New York &apos;s owner of Jetsi in the United Kingdom was confirmed by Woody Jetsi .
Johnson was the largest financial supporter of the President of the trump campaign and was appointed in November as the head of his inaudience Committee .
Johnson , a longer-term Republican , also helped to raise the money for George W. Bush , John McCaini and Mitt Romney when they were party candidates .
he used to act earlier as Je Bush &apos;s financial manager during the 2016 campaign .
Johnson &apos;s old apologist laid the foundations for a medical need for a productive company Johnson &amp; Johnson .
in the past , the United States Ambassador in Britain Matthew Barzun was .
in 2013 , Barack Obama appointed and he resigned his office in January this year before he took office .
Cambridge as Hertsoginna childhood should have been &apos; right to die &apos; .
Cambridge as a Hertsoginna lethal illness should have been allowed to finish his life , according to his mother .
Isobel Kennerley , who was a member of the Hertsoginna ginna ginagulf , gave in the aftermath of a three-year struggle with a brain drain that caused him the &apos; extreme pain , suffering and loss of dignity &apos; to be allowed to die .
a woman with a young woman with a pregnancy in the age of 34 was diagnosed with a brain tuition in 2014 , but she had a terrible suffering , according to her mother , before she finally died in May .
Mrs Eeley , 65 , Newbury Berksa , have called for a change of law to enable people suffering from a deadly disease to control their &apos; way and timing &apos; .
he said that the daughter in a torpey caused death in the &apos; grave trauma &apos; he wanted the law to allow him to put in place a plan that would have allowed him to die with dignity if his condition deteriorated .
the English author publishes the book in the back language .
&apos;a Helping Hand &apos; is Michaelsi , the former editor of the BBBC and the first book of two children , who have previously written to the magazine Singapore Tatler .
it took three years to close the book and is devoted to keeping his filig-tore Maricon Espiripe and Ginalyn Narug helping to make a food and a son , a boy of four years &apos; Jophi , a daughter , an eigh-year-old Florence .
the aid he describes as &apos; family members &apos; helped to test the recipes during the writing of the book , which is the first such book in Singapore , published in English and back .
&apos;a Helping Hand &apos; is available in libraries at 39.90 SGD prices across Singapore and also in centres of emigration abroad , including Hong Kong , Dubais , Malaysia , Vietnam and the Philippines .
Mrs Christie is talking about how she has overcome the horrors of Sotch and cyber bullying in order to slash again on behalf of gold .
compared with the young woman of this hapra , who recently considered leaving the Eastarate for forever , 26-year-old Christie has changed to a degree of ignorance .
the vicious insults created him from his feet , especially because he was also pardoned as a child at the Welest Athian school .
he now covers confidence and believes that the challenge can get back to the bottom line , with at least one gold in Pyeongang .
&apos;If I wish to go out as an Olympic winner &apos; , he says , without fear , to specify the objective .
&apos;I feel that I am in the right place , both in body and spiritual terms , to deal with it &apos; .
he once dreamt of the weather until the aesthetic elements of this interest were reduced .
&apos;I was a very skilful hypothesis , but I had difficulties with the party seeking the artistic heritage of the matter &apos; , he said in laughing .
&apos;I was not very good in elegance , in order .
that was a sensible choice , because short storage is best suited to my personality &apos; .
Vietnam &apos; regrets &apos; the kidnappings in Germany .
Vietnam said on Thursday that it regrets the comments made by the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs that blame the Vietnamese intelligence service for the kidnapping of a former carrier of vieth who is recovered at home because of the charges of statehood .
the German authorities believe that Trinh Xuan Thanh was seized by Berlin , which left the Vietnamese poetric on Wednesday 48 hours to leave the country .
Thanh faces hanh charges involving the death penalty in the event of conviction .
he sought asyl from Germany , but his statement had not yet been worked through when the Vietnamese authorities called for his extradition .
the representative of the Vietnamese Ministry of Foreign Affairs , Le Thi Thu Hang , told the reporters that these comments are &apos; extremely regrettable &apos; and Thanh gave himself to the police in Vietnam on 31 July .
&apos;Vietnam always attaches importance and wants to develop strategic relations with Germany &apos; , he said without going into detail .
Thanh , 51 , last July , after the initial dishonest charge of state oil and gas in the dispute between Petrosian Vietnam , resulted in losses of approximately USD 150 million .
the Vietnamese police issued an arrest warrant in September .
in March , the police launched an investigation to investigate appropriation in connection with its alleged participation in the property project .
Thanh was the chairman of Betnam Constrution Jot Stock Corporation until 2013 , when he was appointed to several senior positions in the government , including the Vice-Chair of the Giang province in the southern Metag Delta .
he was elected in May 2016 to the National Assembly , but was relegated to an overwhelming legislative body of Communists before the first month following that session .
he was also expelled from the Communist Party .
the Vietnamese Ambassador in Germany was invited to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs on Tuesday and reported to him that Germany would call for the return of Thanh so that asylum and extradition procedures could be properly implemented .
the results of the investigation show that printed seeds are also spread by printer .
like birds and mammals , printed prans are also spreading .
these insects are mainly known as lagos helping to dismantle bottom-up substances under the forest .
however , it is also the seeds that help the populations to distribute them .
Japanese scientists found that printed carrots have an important role to play in the distribution of seeds by the monotropastrum monotropastrum forest species .
this is an unusual plant .
it does not contain klorofül , which is why it is not capable of photosynthesis .
instead , the species becomes one of its nutrient pigs under the ground .
the Taim poles small flavourings on the forest basis and the smallest white fruit .
Vilos have very few tastes or no heat , and Japanese researchers found that poultry and mammammals are not interested in them as a food source .
only a handful of spineless consumption of arable and forest carrot Blattella nipica was the only species that regularly visited fruits .
investigators checked printer emissions to determine whether these insects help the seeds to disseminate them .
scientists found that a feeble departed after feeding every grain contained an average of three soils .
further tests have confirmed that the vast majority of the seed that has been raised was viable .
scientists assume that this unique plant state has probably learned to make use of the ability to disseminate printed seeds in the course of evolution .
we have the wives hanging near the ground and they are ready while the princes go out of their disenchanted stadium .
the investigators published their findings this week in the Botanical Journal of the Linnean Society .
&apos;whereas , to date , approximately 4 600 prussacalik has been identified , the distribution of seeds through printed carussations can be much wider and still is not just an undocumented mechanism , not just the unique ability of a fixed plant to take advantage of printed carrots &apos; , in the press release Naoto Sugia , a co-professor of the University of Kamumumoto .
&apos;It is hoped that the disclosed bread will encourage people to pay more attention to the relationship between plants and prans and to look for further examples of how printed seeds can be disseminated &apos; .
the Flyso-called report on the disclosure of improved information , which shows additional payments .
Michael Flyo , who served for a short time as President trumpi &apos;s national security adviser , presented on Thursday a report on the disclosure of improved federal financial information containing new details of the Flynn contracts in connection with the transfer of the trumphony to the post of President , the Irau-American business man company and the boy campaign for a research company .
the letter , which sent information with repairs , stated by Mr Flyo that his initial reports on disclosure of information were submitted under accelerated conditions without the usual consultation and review provided by the White House and Government Ethics Office .
according to the letter , Flypus did not receive the attention given to others , as he was no longer an employee of the White House at the time .
Flyphorus relinquished his office just 24 days after taking office , amid the rumours that he had given misleading information to Vice-President Pence on his post-election links with the Russian Ambassador to the United States .
he has also received criticism on account of the external payments made to him during his work in the private sector following the resignation of the Director of the Defence Agency in 2014 .
in the information previously published to investigators from the House of Deputies , Flyso-called declared that around USD 68 000 were paid and paid from Russian units in 2015 .
in addition to the income in relation to Russia , the information provided on Thursday revealed that Flyso-called has received at least 5 000 dollars for consultancy services for the nuclear power plant construction project in the Middle East .
Flynn &apos;s work on the project was published earlier , but it was not known that he was paid for it .
the renewed information also confirms that Flypo had agreed to cooperate with SCL Grouf - Cambridge Analytica &apos;s British parent company at that time - that is , the Fonald trumpi campaign .
one of the main contributors to Cambridge is the magnate of hedge funds , Robert L. mercer , whose daughter Rebekah is an influential Conservative financial supporter .
Washington Post announced in February that the Flyht SCL Group would be a councillor .
according to those who know his role , Flynn &apos;s aim was to help the SCL--American subsidiaries win new public contracts with the United States .
at the same time , the SCL is the driving force behind the office of one of the Flynn &apos;s Governor of the National Intelligence Office .
the &apos; Fly&apos; person who is familiar with his activities received no compensation and no real work .
with the new information , it came public that the Flyo Guard received about 28 000 dollars in connection with the presidential transfer .
the largest disclosed source of income is USD 140 000 for Flynn &apos;s work in Minsk as adviser and consultant to NJK Holding Corpus , a company led by Mr Kazeminy , a businessman born in Iran and who is currently living in the United States .
the Assolicides press reported on Thursday evening of the statement of the NJK , according to which &apos; instructed the FlyNJK Holding on the interest of investing in the securities of companies &apos; .
NJK finances a technology company GreenZone Systems , of which Flyo vice-chairman is .
the GreenZone conquer is run by Bijan Kian , Flynn &apos;s business partner , Flynán Intelis , a company that is currently under investigation because of its role in lobbying on behalf of a company operating in the Netherlands , which is involved in the government of Turkey .
earlier on Thursday , Eliyes in Cummoms ( Md ) , the leader in the Committee on the Monitoring of the House of Representatives and the reform of the government , asked Kiani to provide information on foreign commercial contacts and trips .
during his earlier security check , Kian military investigators said that he had several foreign commercial contact with his partner .
according to CUMINGS , Flyo so-called investigators said nothing about such contacts .
according to the claims of a person familiar with the situation , the Flyso-called &apos; no &apos; was subject to security checks at that time .
