is the solution , at last , to avoid senseless rose-bis ?
for Mr Rizzo , for the phone is often a waste of time .
he in Buffalo in New York , he is in Buffalo in New York , is dependent on customers to borrow the chicken , the stick and cartopots .
however , for a large part of the time , this is automatic messages that try to push through fraud .
&apos;That is getting to the point that it does not allow anyone who bars to come to us &apos; , said 24 years old bar .
aid is on the way , albeit slowly .
over the past year , government stimulus for mobile phones has had new tools to block unsolicited &apos; rooting &apos; .
the Federal Commoniction has proposed enabling phone companies to block more junk speeches and hopes to deter the petition with large fines .
according to experts , these steps are not a final solution , but they are a good start .
the federalist and Karic non-call should protect people from unwanted speeches from remote distributors .
however , the fraudsters are not interested in breaking the law .
the fraudsters reach the people cheaply and easily by using &apos; automated holders &apos; , which are automatically making ample speeches at once .
it is estimated that there are tens of millions of rockets on a daily basis .
not all of them are , of course , fraudulent .
pharmacies , for example , send automated messages on the fulfilment of prescriptions .
all too often , however , the situation is this : you are in debt to the tax office ; Microyf calls you that you put your computer into your computer ; they are offered free shots !
in addition , spaw-elners use complex technologies that show the phone as a call to a local or an important figure , such as the tax authority .
implementing suitable measures in the case of &apos; deceive the numbers &apos; , would make it difficult to make fraud and help to keep the United States &apos; consumers totalling millions of dollars , as stated in the Group of Chief Prosecutors Group of State Public Prosecutors .
telephone companies and independent applications can be able to screening or block unwanted speeches , compared with the existing problems database and analysing dubious behaviour such as the number that chooses for many people in non-generous lists .
untenable service providers also have a toolbox to add warnings such as &apos; gaming &apos; , but they are not available to customers on all phones or with a number of pre-paid card to customers .
they will be commissioned by Verzon and the Sprince for the premium .
some of the Andro-telephones , including Google , Pixel , are marching free of charge .
the Multiani producer , Jen Vargas ( 39 ) from the Organisation of Organy , who said that his AT &amp; T applications will mark and block certain misunderstandings in his mobile phone , but he has given up his telephony in his mobile phone , but he has abandoned his phone mines .
&apos;Look very rarely objected to the numbers that I do not know &apos; said in Vargas .
applications such as YouMai and Nomorobo offer domestic phones free , but with restrictions on relief .
in the case of YouMT , an operator must authorise &apos; conditional calls &apos; , which will drive a speech forward if the line is not answered or busy .
Nomorobo is not available to the parents of the home telephone service , and it is not working with parents , vaguely telephones .
it is also possible to buy the boss , some of them are quite arroy , which are blocking speeches in their home phones .
Verzon will also carry out a test of suspicious speeches on the number of domestic phones .
telephone companies are already in a position to block certain speeches which are fraudulent .
Fcc has proposed the rules to formalise such practices and to permit any other suspected speeches to be blocked .
this means that Verzis can block the tax-free figure , which takes the floor for a charge , but it is never going to initiate any one .
the operators would also be able to block speeches in which they know they are not legitimate , such as 911 .
these rules need yet to be finalised .
Maureen Mahoney , the public order button , in a non-profit consumer alliance , said that these developments are &apos; encouraging &apos; , but do not protect consumers from all undesirable speeches .
first of all , non-generous permits will not be applied to certain types of generosity , such as the debtors and political campaigns .
in addition , the phc rules , according to the Mahonay , just to cover fake numbers .
all rockets are not meant to be fool .
the consumer union wants telephone companies to make it free to access all consumers at the tools of the blocking of speeches .
in the long term , the Commission supports the efforts of the fc industry that the helter really is who he is claiming to be .
perhaps one day we will be able to see a smart phone screen from the green boxes if the rock is legitimate .
Mr Tejam says that it could take several years to introduce it , but it would be a powerful tool against the robelers a powerful tool .
Fcc is also looking at ways to stop the typical speeches to consumers who change the number .
to register itself in a non-generous list today , but to get a new figure at a later date , the distributor may not know it and may be able to quarrel on the new line .
&apos;Robothelers will not go away , the Aaron Nomoroboo , which is a service for blocking speeches intended to mobile and domestic telephones .
&apos;they are criminal and find a new way to bypass any system .
but our job is to make it as difficult as possible for them &apos; .
there are several logical measures that consumers should be making .
do not answer the phone if you do not know the numbers .
yes , it is unfortunately not practical in the case of companies &apos; calls , such as Sport City .
stop unintended speeches .
do not speak against and do not press any button .
when you are dealing with them , they can tell you who is reacting , and get you under more speeches .
where possible , the number of the speech will be blocked after the speech .
use the speeches blocking applications .
if you have concerns about privacy , check the rules on the application to see whether it shares your speech or contact data with the distributors .
do not give losers personal data , such as the number of a bank account or social security .
the Nordemia and DNB will become a reality at the end of the year .
the accession of the DNB and Nordea Baltic units , will only become a reality in the last quarter of this year , the business day will be the day of business .
the opening up of the market in common legal instruments has been delayed .
following the disclosure of the accession plans during the summer of the Treaty , the banks indicated that the completion of the transaction could remain in the second quarter .
in April , however , the DNB communication leader said that it would be delayed in the third quarter .
in particular , the Swedish financial inspectorates provided additional instructions to bear in mind the regional importance of the United bank .
the Russian railway is exploring the possibility of setting up a trip to St buri-Kaliningrad , to make a trip to the St buri-Kaliningrad .
the Russian railways are exploring the possibility of setting up a clean line in Kaliningrad , reported by the Kaliningrad railway , Viktor Golomolzin , was reported to the Kaliningrad railway , Viktor Golomolzin Interfax .
the monitoring of traffic traffic says that , from an economic point of view , the resignation of the Kaliningrad Berlin train is hardly possible .
and we offer a second route - Berliin-Kaliningrad St Petersburg .
the technical possibilities for this are available both in infrastructure and in terms of rolling stock &apos; , the Golomolzin said .
another point has also been made by Golomolzin that there are Russian trains that can switch from robbery and continue to move on the European track .
Golomolzin believes that this trend is in a position , because at the moment the people of St Petersburg and the entire inhabitants of Russia must travel to Germany through Moscow and Brest .
as a possible option , discussions are being conducted on the route from Latvia , the Latvian Delfi , the spokesman for Delfi , the spokesman for the Latvian Delfi , the spokesman for Delfi , who said there is no specific decision at the moment , but the version is on the table .
Latvia &apos;s railways , together with partners , including the Russian railways , is seeking to increase the flow of passengers in order to increase the flow of passengers , so that rail transport can compete with road transport .
the Chinese company , which came to Estonia , immediately made a turnover of EUR 100 million .
the Chinese &apos;s own sale of agricultural produce , Agrid , which only began operating last year , has reached almost EUR 100 million .
nearly EUR 2 million was made profit , writing business day .
in the Annual Report of the company , it emerges that the scope of the sale revenue of agricultural produce to EUR 100.6 million in 2016 to EUR 100.6 million in 2016 .
a profit was made of EUR 1.91 million .
the company did not take place in the past year .
on average , there was an average of 3 people working in the company , in 2015 , there were no employees .
a turnover on the employee amounted to EUR 33.6 million , the average gross levy was EUR 316 per month .
we already have a four-day working week , but not as we are waiting for .
an open office : Scanpix , PantherMedia / Wavebreackmea Ltd
many Estonians already have a four-day working week that they are not familiar with .
however , not as they would wait , writes business Day .
it has been created by a modern programming of the workplace , or an open office .
in Sinintek &apos;s office , it takes a routine command of Harard Business Recommendation , to give the staff of those who work for nearly 1.5 hours a day , almost a working day per week .
however , when four working and three days of rest are concerned , however , that is a forced solution to that effect .
1.5 hours of working time have been taken from a family and with hobs or puril , rather than the period of recovery that has been spent with hoddled with difficulty in doing work , with increasing upsurge , anxiety and anxiety , and the will of work .
how do we finance the vehicles of a company ?
in a changing consumer society , financial opportunities for the vehicles of the enlarged companies - next to a plant , there is an increasing number of companies , but also full services , or a mandatory , long-term author .
the purchase and rent of vehicle are two clearly different financial operations , which cover different commitments and expectations , but which are often confusing .
the international author &apos;s company , avis Estonia , the sale and marketing leader of Estonia , Mr Trindi , has estimated that companies are increasingly moving towards a full-level services and also increasing the possibility of long-term leasing out .
the Toer pointed out the main issues to which , when looking for answers , it is possible to choose a suitable way of using a vehicle .
how long can we take advantage of the vehicle ?
the greatest difference in leasing and liating the car is the time to use .
it is worth trying to favour a longer period of time when a business has plans to introduce commercial vehicles for a longer period &apos; , by adding that it would be worthwhile to decide if they want to have a vehicle , for the benefit of a single service , if you want to have a vehicle , for the benefit of a fully-fledged journey , if a vehicle is to be used as a good , if you want to use the vehicle , if you want a car , to use a car , but leaving it up to a car , but leaving up a service , as well as the &apos; withdrawal &apos; of the vehicle but , if you want to , to use the vehicle for the longer term , when a business is to be used , if they want ownership .
&apos;Rofficial car has a far shorter application period from the credit period , but many of the major car companies also provide a long-term author , where car renking is taking place without complex contracts and free recovery &apos; , the Töld &apos;s various options for leasing the car .
who is the vehicle &apos;s owner ?
at the end of the customs agreement , the owner of a letmild car owner .
in the case of the &apos; closed service drive &apos; , it is possible to carry on with the same or better conditions , by getting the same new vehicle that meets the needs of the company &apos; , by emphasising that , because consumer society is increasingly relocated to the core consumption of services , the vehicle is increasingly moving towards an additional commitment to the company .
in addition , in the case of a full services , there is an opportunity for a desire and a car to be bought on the basis of agreed conditions .
however , this period of application is not , and will be paid only for a period of use .
the purchase of a car generally takes place in the representation of car companies and leasing the car from the temporary agency plant .
while car firms are , first and foremost , working on vehicle sales , but also , in some cases , the possibility of the mercy and , in some cases , the author .
however , Rorine companies have the sole aim of letting them out .
in the war that the reasons for the use of the rental service are different - many companies are leasing their companies , as well as being able to use the service as customer or holiday or when their own car is in an improvement .
in the case of public vehicles , more and more is being transferred to the full service service , which offers consumers the transparency of costs , time savings in the purchase , use and recovery of vehicles , and greater convenience &apos; , was introduced by the head of the sale and marketing manager of the growing merchants .
every year , an ever-increasing number of companies are using full services , in the case of their fleets , thus optimising its expenditure and focusing on their core business .
what is the coverage of service-based insurance ?
when a litre of a car has a compulsory cat and motor insurance , the rental car is mostly covered by basic insurance and , furthermore , it has to be decided whether to take on , for example , the case of emergency insurance , totalling insurance or full insurance , while compared to a medical service , the customer receives more in terms of monthly taxes , as , in addition to the vehicles and the insurance , they also cover the month payment . these are due care , 24 / day assistance , tyre exchanges and other agreed services &apos; , explained Töld .
&apos;If the composition can be taken into any new vehicle , in the case of the full services , a vehicle that is geared to the wishes and needs of a vehicle that is tailored to the company &apos;s wishes and needs , he is compared , by stressing that the full services agreement will certainly help to optimise costs of a company &apos;s car fleet .
however , the choice of train vehicles depends , however , on the service &apos;s leasing vehicles - the different levers are offering a vehicle in their vehicle fleet , both small and economical vehicle for the use of urban traffic , and the Tow , described Tow .
in a heavy rental period , it may , of course , happen that the car that wants to be paid out is already being paid out , but it will help to book the desired vehicle early .
between leisure or renting , first of all , it should be clear first of all to make our objectives - as long as the desire for the vehicle is to be used for a long time , and which are long-term plans for car .
it is certainly worth looking carefully at the different conditions and obligations of services .
how a man built his daughter with a dossier of around 51 million dollars .
one in the Texas is discovered that there is not a single factor in which his person with his disability could be able to play .
he therefore decided to build one itself .
Gordon HARTMAN has just come out of the basin on his family holiday when his 12-year-old daughter Morgan went to the other children who are playing in water .
he tried to get a grip with them , but they quickly broke out .
HARTMAN believes that they are going to happen because they do not know how to deal with people with disabilities - the Morgan has a five-year approach , as well as the form of certain autism .
that incident was worshipped by this incident .
&apos;Morgan is a baby girl of the baby .
his meeting will always lead to a laughing stock and he certainly wants to rob .
however , there have been many times where we have not been able to bring him into different places &apos; , he says .
HARTMAN and his wife Maggie asked the other parents to where they could get their daughters - go where he feels comfortable and others feel comfortable with her .
&apos;we came to the conclusion that there is no such thing as &apos; , the HARTMAN is telling .
he therefore decided to build it ourselves in 2007 .
the former property developers sold their own homes in 2005 , in order to build the British HARTMAN Famey Founvelas - a not-for-profit association that will help people with disabilities .
it then started &apos; the creation of the first highly accessible thematic park in the world .
&apos;We wanted to create a thematic park where everyone can do everything where they can play with both the specific needs and those without special needs &apos; , is spoken by HARTMAN .
he has convened doctors , therapeuals , parents and other people without disabilities , so that it can be consulted on the establishment .
they were set out in San Antonios Texas , a 100-hectarted career in San Antonios Texas .
the Park called Mbody Wonderland , paid 34 million dollars ( GBP 26 million ) and was opened in 2010 .
the tracks include a total , accessible vacuum , a playground and whirong .
visitors are often saying to Hartmann that they had only the first time to experience such atrors .
there is also a carousel that specifies wheelchairs , which travel to the animals , which go down and below the animals .
HARTMAN recognises , however , that Morgan was fearful in terms of war at the beginning .
&apos;When we opened , he did not dare to go to that .
he did not understand why it is going around , and why animals are coming up and under &apos; , HARTMAN says .
it took three years before Morgan was willing to go to the carousel .
at the beginning , he simply stood close to it , then he would be making animal , but we did not launch war .
it was a slow process , but now he is loving it .
getting overcome to something that was intimidated by him was a lot for him .
the small things that have been achieved in playing will make a big difference &apos; .
since its opening , there are more than a million people from 67 countries in Wonderland has been visited by Morgan .
one third of staff are disabled and entry are free of charge for anyone with a state of illness .
&apos;I have understood that the Morgan is one of the happy ones , because he has a lot of things for him .
I did not want the price to be an obstacle to other people with special needs &apos; , HARTMAN says .
&apos;Shut every year , knowing that we are at least a million dollar ( 750 000 pounds ) , and we have to make it back with the help of the corps with the help of the corps and our partners &apos; .
this year , the thematic park Morgan , has been extended to the opening of a fully accessible aquatic park , which is fully accessible .
&apos;in July , fewer people visited a park , as wheelchairs went too far .
therefore , we have chosen to set up a aquatic park , is talking about HARTMAN .
in some parts of the island , gender water has been used which will help those who come to meat problems .
waterk killers are being made available , which are working with explosive air and not batteries .
it is also possible to drive on the river as well .
the Varpark paid together a total of 17 million dollars ( GBP 13 million ) .
&apos;yesterday , a man came to me and just kept me up &apos; , HARTMAN was coming out to me &apos; .
&apos;he referred to his son , who has serious specific needs , and he came to knife .
he said that he had not had his son previously had the water to play in the past &apos; .
according to Mr Harbour , there are not three parks with all four visitors with disabilities , and this is the effect that he was hoping for .
&apos;This helps people understand that , while we are different in certain ways , we are in fact exactly the same &apos; , he says .
&apos;I saw one of the girl &apos;s girl went to another , without special need for girls , and they began to play together .
it was a really big &apos; .
Mr Hartmani does not intend to open up more parks , even though he has received hundreds of letters from the postau and on the way hundreds of letters from people who would like to have a park in his own neighbourhood .
instead , he is focusing on giving young people with special needs in San Antonios on the provision of educational facilities for young people with special needs .
&apos;I know that there are many different organisations that try elsewhere to build a state of the Wonderland , and we will continue to work with them &apos; .
it will continue to play a part in the subject party - Morgan is now being a kind of audience .
&apos;when he comes here , he is like a roker !
many people want to speak with him and with him a picture , he is doing so well &apos; , says HARTMAN .
Morgan , which is now 23-year-old , can do things better .
&apos;he is speaking more and most of his physical problems have been solved by a large number of operations .
we are so proud that it has reached this point &apos; .
if the Morgan park is visiting him , I like to play the woes and on the skalts , without seeing how much it has helped others .
&apos;Morgan knows that the park has become his name according to him , but I do not think he understands what it actually represents and how it actually represents lives &apos; , is spoken by HARTMAN .
&apos;You do not understand that the way in which he has survived in his life has made her a real source of inspiration .
the call to find drivers for a girl in Witton on two of the girl in Witton
the police are trying to find two motorists in connection with a study of the rape of a four-year-old girl .
on 26 July , in the region of Birmingham , on 26 July in the Witton region on 26 July : 00 ( BST ) .
before that attack he was raped at the Witton plant .
as regards the first case , an accusation has been made to a single man .
the British transport police would like to speak as part of the investigation as part of the two car drivers .
according to the police , the first of the car is a gavel paint on the heels of the car .
in the words of the magazine , Tony Fitzlrick , said : &apos; we have grounds for believing that the driver of the vehicle was a victim to the plant before another person churned and then raped in the car .
we want to know what was said during this conversation , and the driver may know about important details which would help us in the investigation &apos; .
the second driver of a vehicle , which was described according to the Red Cross , according to the police , the victim probably said at home after he had been raped for a second time .
it was the case that Gene was clutched at the end of the year .
a bail-out crunch who was supported for his owner , was called the growth of the year .
the Genie was recognised as it has consigned its own owner , Lincoln ( 11 ) , six chemical compounds .
Evie was diagnosed in March 2016 and the Genie movement in March 2016 and the Genie company in March 2016 and the Genie company in a long hospital .
this was recognised by the boy charity organisation , Cats Protectik , at the London ceremony .
the pilletter : according to the Evie , it was supported by her when he lost their long ligés as a result of chemoes lost their long ligés as a result of his chemotion .
&apos;in my view , he is best .
he deserves that .
he has always existed to me &apos; , said Evie .
&apos;Well came up to my stone and turn to my feet .
he buried a stone , and then the hang , then to the man , that they had to pin in my eyes .
when I was too sick so that friends can come to visit or to get out , and I had to sit at home , he came to me , and that turned me much more joy , offering a great humbling &apos; .
according to the Evie , he has a special link with his pets , which was an enormous support for him if he lost his hair as a result of exhausting treatment .
&apos;that led me very much , because I had long brown brothers .
however , as there was a flames , the Genie was equally harsh and that I lost my hair and Genie himself , brought a bit of the shock of the same shock &apos; .
Evie &apos;s father , Mr Henderson , said that there has been &apos; excellent attention to the slogan &apos; and described how Evie &apos; was a haven for his loved favourite , into his loved pets .
&apos;Evie was over 300 days in the hospital , so so we have spent a lot of time there , and it offered him something that we can expect if he were to get home to a few valuable days &apos; .
an 11-year-old war : &apos; I Wattsen him every day , when I was in my hospital , and my family told me , too .
he is my best friend , and I really do not know what I would do without her .
the business group chooses the government to agree on the transition conditions in Brexdi .
one of the largest business lobby groups in Britain is urging the government to close tankers at the periphery of tanks .
the Interethin majority of Dires ( ID ) turned to the government to propose a &apos; transitional agreement &apos; in order to make progress with the Brex .
it is asking for the government to establish the gap between the &apos; Buxdi gap &apos; , and the establishment of new trade agreements .
the group warned that without such a contract , a business would be faced with a &apos; short-term chaotic rock fluctuation &apos; .
they criticised the government in connection with the &apos; transition &apos; in all speculative disputes for &apos; compulsion &apos; .
in recent weeks , members of the government have presented conflicting views on how long the transition period continues and what it brings with it .
the ID report , &apos; A rival of the gap &apos; - the possibilities for the transition &apos; is written : &apos; instead of far to defuse the problem , the government must restart a strategic debate on this matter .
this could minimise the ever-increasing confusion and uncertainty in this area &apos; .
however , Mr Lyon , the economist and the Economship of the Brex , has this week described the concerns about the &apos; poppy &apos; , which is reminiscent of the &apos; poppy &apos; , which resembles the case of &apos; panacea &apos; , which resembles the case of Y2K &apos;s MDG failure .
the Warkancilller warned the June : &apos; there is a large number of commercial investment , which will be postponed until companies see more clearly what the likely result of these discussions is &apos; .
Allie Renison , the leader of the IDR , the leader of the trade policy , said : &apos; Keyon has the right to worry about the dash of commercial investments .
this is one of the most commonly reviewed changes to be dealt with in relation to Brexes , which must be dealt with in relation to Brexes .
the latter applies particularly to the members of the IoD in Northern Ireland who are now considering the collective establishment or relocation &apos; .
the ID proposes several options , including the following extension of the Article 50 agreement from March 2019 from March 2019 .
accession to the European Economic Area
to be able to remain in the government of the EU of the rest of the EU legislation .
the creation of a transitional customs agreement , similar to the EU customs union .
he said : &apos; the ID has proposed these options with regard to the transition , in the hope that it will spark the proper debate on how to put it at the end of Brex .
prioritising the intermediate arrangements and thereby alleviating the risks to exit from the EU means that short-term chaotic fishermen &apos; fluctuations do not detract from further opportunities &apos; .
Australia species are at a crossroads .
professional sport stands at a crossroads in Australia : some areas have been emigrated by corpormeans so far that it is too business to classify sport ;
others are returning to the world of amateur , which is too in the sporting environment to consider it as a business .
this confusion is being caused by the painful delays of the Crickd Australa ( a ) tortuous delays in the achievement of a wage settlement agreement with players , with the impossibility of dismissal of the Australia football fedher , the uprising of the stakeholders , rugly difficulties of a functioning independent committee on a functioning , and Australia &apos;s intransigent efforts to be among the people a flag of social justice among the people . the bearer .
the Investment Panel and Australian President of the Committee on Sport , John Wylie , has been trying to lead the Olympic report actively on the same path as professional species by placing businesspeople who do not have elitist experience in the field of sport .
in the case of Rio Tintot , who has a reputation for the tacit use of the tactic use of trade unions , was seen as a collision with the Australian players &apos; union ( ACA ) .
Mr David Peever is a former Managing President of Rio tinto Austrinter , and he is the former Executive Director of Rio tinto , and he is beaten by the head of Rio tinto and administer .
it would be mistaken , however , would be to believe that an elite businessman , whose approach is merciless when it comes to dealing with cricket players will not enjoy it as sport .
the Peeper was , for example , a regular visit to the homes of Sstorm , until he went to the other state .
in spite of this , tough negotiations between and ACA , and extremely high wages have given the impression that the favourite reference of Australia in Australia is now a business more than the guise of sport .
on the contrary , however , the failure of the former CEO of Mr Cameron , Mr Cameron Clyne , the inability of the Australian Super Rugby team has been dying too much back to its roots .
the people of the Reagon Union now prefer to lead to the stadium in order to look at the game between the amateur teams , while on the looting , at the same time as being beaten and guessing the hungry .
Ragbiliit is bothered that they have the most qualified and varied board in Australia in Australia , but it is too much a failure to meet the demands of international partners , that it is still too much of sport in order to be business .
both ragbior and football have problems with management , as the stakeholders are asking for more power .
both too Chairs , John Grant ARLC and Steven Lowy Main , have shown that their commercial skills have not been sufficient to achieve corporate stability .
Grant , the former Kangaroo , led a successful IT company , but 20 years had the game completely out of the game .
it was the value of the newly formed ARLC , which was formed by the newly formed ARLC .
it was the other stakeholders who did not trust each other , decided that someone who has participated in the Commission &apos;s work in any way in the ragrich in the last three years , except as passive fans .
however , pensions went too far to the business side and too fans have been looking for the savider from that time - someone who would have a named past in sport .
Mr Lowy , head of the Renewolhe , who is the chief chair of my father , from my father , on the one hand from a man &apos;s wealth .
the clubs would like to be better represented in the electoral Congress in the selection Congress .
their owners are losing money , but they believe they are just as decent as Manchester .
ironically , sport and business ethics send ambassadors to the FIFA to stop the civil war in sport .
the AG has its own contacts with Rio Tintoi , the former Governor of Rio Tintos , the former then Commissioner , Mr Lynch , former Commissioner of Lynch , former Commissioner of Lynch , the former Commissioner of Lynch .
it is too proud to take the role of a national leader in the promotion of gender equality , indigenous and refugee activities and the promotion of gay rights .
some cynics would insinuate that this is done in the caps of government aid funds .
by Mr Goyder , Mr Goyder , who said : &apos; AFL is more than a business , given how it assists all those communities &apos; .
Mr Goyder is the outgoing executive President and the first chairperson of the AFLP , who has not played the game at the elite level .
the former president of Wesfarms Bob Every is in the Cricke Australa .
the definition of the appointment of members of the governing board members of professional sports , often prioritising independence in the face of competence .
in the uptake of the recruitment of business people , they have forgotten about something that could be called affection and a bitter sport .
what is more , many corporate heavyweights are not used to intensive and sometimes also personal monitoring of the media .
something that works in the world of corporatism may not pass on the sporting field .
the Court of Jordan enrolled the life sentence of three United States military killing of the three United States of America .
the Chief Appeal Court of Jordan , the Jordanian soldier was sentenced to a life sentence of three US military schools last year .
the Supreme Court last month set the flight base of the United Nations flight base for the killing of the Americans on a life prison sentence for the slaughter of the Americans , along with hard work .
the Al-Tuwaym was opened by the Americans to the carats of the Americans , claiming that he was afraid of an attack on the base .
after a sentence of a security camera , however , it showed that he continued the shooting when two of the Americans were concealed and dragged down with the hands of the Americans to stop shooting .
the New Akhbar , which relates to Jordan &apos;s army , declared on Thursday that the Court of Appeal confirmed the punishment of al-Tutyh .
Mrs Stallone will take up the sand &apos; Our life &apos; in the second season of &apos; Our life &apos; in the second season of &apos; Our life &apos; .
Mr Fogelman , Dan Fogelman , announced on Thursday the Critic Association press on Thursday within the framework of the forum on the NBC in the second season of the NBC in the second season of the NBC in the second season of the NBC .
in the guest , the guest will turn to Kevin ( Justin Hartley &apos;s role in the role of the film recordings at the beginning of the season .
&apos;Kevin plays a lot of fills and we needed a lot of &apos; , Mr Fogelman said .
at the end of the last season , Kevin was given an important role from the county , Ron Howard , who had singularly failed .
during this season , we can see how the project is participating in the project and , at the same time , revitalising relations with its own exile , who will be exhibited by the xandra of Bandra .
according to Fogelman , Stallone is playing in a film in which Kevin is involved in the site &apos; .
&apos;Let Milo Ventimigo , &apos; Lo Ventimiglia , who plays a meter of the past in the Khartouy &apos;s father , was at a standstill as a coincidence in the 2006 film &apos; Rockeither Balba &apos; .
Fogelman said that Ventimiglia was still a flourishing friendship between Vismiglia , which was probably the one that helped to attract the horror of a High-star .
&apos;We have an excellent scenario for him .
I believe that this will be a truly exciting &apos; , a word of Fogelman .
&apos;our life &apos; will return to tenets on 26 September .
James Harliat is about USD 300 000 a year in order to keep her body in a gamble .
every NVL player is dependent on its own body in order to earn a living .
therefore , many other people also invest in plenty of money in poor care and recovery in order to stay in excellence .
Jeremy Fowler portal ESPN.com more closely researched how far some veterans are ready to go to prolong their careers .
however , none of this is as extreme as the 39-year-old James Harrison , the 14-year-old James Harrison , the north-speaking period of the preparation of the Pittsburgh Strashline .
according to the Forest , Kowten spends 300 000 dollars a year to a needle , disguise , boroymen and bulbs .
most of the costs are linked to the country &apos;s travel , in order to meet with specialists .
&apos;I do not need to keep a record of such things &apos; , Mr Krisis said .
&apos;if you compare the sums that have been earned with me , the payments are worth it , given how I feel &apos; .
Mike Mitchell , the brilliant of Harrison and the team compatriot in Simpliy , assessed the amount of 200 000 per year of care for her body .
a period of 30-year-old Mitchell has consigned up to the body ( &apos; boy temperet &apos; ) which Fowler described as &apos; 55 kilo metal used as a disguise of the use of 55 kilo metal as a disguise &apos; .
&apos;You are being spurred on it &apos; , Mr Mitchell said it .
&apos;If you have a few blinkered place and they are starting to move around the matter , it is at times the wrong one .
however , if you stand up , the tension has disappeared immediately .
it is just running out of the tension &apos; .
they are prepared to make additional efforts , but the former NO players , Barry Cofiels and Ryan Harris spend an average of USD 50 000 per year .
Cofielled , who played the next 10 season in New York Giantine and Washington &apos;s Pank , have regretted that he did not spend any more .
&apos;If I could go back , I would invest even more &apos; , Cofielles Fowler said to Fowler .
&apos;I would probably spend at least two times more .
I was the first eight years in my career with a very good health .
perhaps more than more procedures would have been to put an end to the end &apos; .
Ryan Shazier , a &apos; 24-year-old defence line &apos; , expressed the readiness to take on the footwear of Seslersi in the footsteps of the Stollersi .
&apos;when you have 100 000 dollars and you have an additional three million when he or she is playing , this decision is quite simple &apos; , Mr Shazier said .
as far as careers are concerned , investing in the recovery of players is much smarter than spending money on cars and on buildings .
the Central NO player will carry on , if he can play longer than 30 years , all the more the success of Harrison should convince his colleagues about his expenditure on the other .
but maybe they can find some local professionals .
how the printer Dier used his mei as a weapon .
when I think of Mrs Dian , the first thing we need to do is to the bridge .
under the young age of a girl , a young girl .
later on , the black wave of his Martin Bashir &apos; of the &apos; Panorama &apos; , the effect of which had been devastating if he turned through the coot belt , bringing the famous dead phrase : &apos; we were three in this marriage , so it was a little bit too popular &apos; .
the big and notorious eyes , surrounded by his grievances , diluted in the face of a black face , forced him to give the impression that she was wounded .
this is precisely the effect he has been trying to achieve .
she was never accompanied by printed by Prince Diana at the time , in particular , was not the case at least in terms of modern standards .
it was not just that he did not need it - he was , of course , beautiful - but he saw the thorny commitment to it , something that is more about a job rather than a single one .
in the public he was able to wear a thick mek in the public .
this is the case that he arrived at the offices of the publishers of the Voguys &apos; i by wearing a pag , almost orange .
he apologises me by saying that his skin needs to be skewed as a sun , because , if he were to go out &apos; , then the taboos would photographed him and then make any allegations that he sees &apos; dured &apos; and &apos; tired &apos; , &apos; tired &apos; and &apos; tired &apos; .
it is precisely for this reason that Mrs Diana was speaking three times a week , using a machine at our home .
today , of course , this would be reproach for health reasons , of course , but for Diana , it was a useful aim - it enabled it to show the world the face of his sun , even though his inner was filled by the black clouds and a lot .
the greatest mistake of the Royal family was to think that , if they were to approve him for the husband of Charles , they will be able to receive one small beautiful joy , who would only have the super of sugar .
the reality , however , was the opposite .
he may not have been the best in school for school , but when it was about the creation of the baby , it was a completely modern student .
it was the importance of a soya and the metal that it was possible to use them in order to take a wind or a sense .
otherwise they did not offer him the slightest interest .
his friend Rosa Rosa Rosa Rosa - Diana was his youngest child &apos;s dinner - remember that we were not something they used to talk about .
&apos;Look to remember is &apos; , he said &apos; how much relief he felt at those times when we went to rest together and did not see ourselves the metale &apos; .
today , we tend to think about a man as something that improves on the woman &apos;s appearance , but it is clear that he used it as a tool of powerful PR .
these moments , when he felt the most free of all , was the most in his own , are the moments when it was also the most natural , with a very few metre .
in 1993 , together with two young son boy Thorpe , the Thorpe parg Thorpe , the Bar Leab , he had gone through and snewed heighten , a breadth and smired from a height of eyes like any other mother who has spent days with children .
four months after he was announced and the departure of Mr Charles , he finally saw a spanner of what he and the &apos; usual &apos; was announced .
or in recent years out of the traineeships , havoc in the form of cycabling , face a face from a tree , health and the lifeblood in all his boy .
to put an end to his life , when he started to assert his independence and his confidence grew , we saw more and more of such Diana .
he was united with the Halo Trust and walked through Angola in January 1997 .
at the time 35-year , the eternal soft and natural , almost all of the meals , I think he would probably see as much as ever before , reminding it of a shrewent and hopeful young girl who smired to the bottom of 15 years .
Mrs Diana was just reaching its best years .
at the earliest times , a young Diana Spencer was the pre-eminent nature of the Raffer .
however , it did not go a long time until &apos; printed flassification &apos; - a process which , in particular , dirilised mainly by a press and a call to make Dianese a young woman who is worthy of his new status .
in part , it involved the work of the Clayton Howard , a metre of meteran , who was often used by Lord Snowby .
Hows met , for the first time , Snowdoni Ksinton &apos;s city in Ksinton , in order to put on record the magazine for Vogue .
at that moment , at the end of the 1980s , Diana was only at the end of the 1980s .
her most beaten products came from Ms Body Shan , for example , in the sight of Elderflora .
Howard used Max Facter &apos;s jardius , Sheer , Honey Touch and the Max Facter &apos;s mink at the then time .
to the Spalalties , he was wearing Elizabeth of Rice and Timberland and the White Hindotars to the next .
the Elizabeth Tarden was enriched by Elizabeth of Elizabeth of Ezabeth Arden .
and we know all this because Mr Howard created a face scheme for him .
&apos;Dian eu is such an admirable colour that I wanted to stress the astounding &apos; , he wrote later on .
however , the end result is not particularly attractive to this young girl - it looks like 18 years old , who is becoming 50 .
it is too oppressive and too much egniste that has been borne in the eyes .
the most striking thing here , however , is the infamous ajasis of the Turkman on this tontier of Disney printed in your blue tones .
to the fantasy of fantasy .
it is no wonder why Mrs Jama is looking at our side with a little inconclusive one .
one of the source of paracity was the fact that he never knew where the public family would turn out and starts with privacy .
that was the start of this process .
a person who was probably the most affected by her speech was Mary Greenwell , who is still playing an important role in the modern world of the world today .
the Mester who is now , among others , Cidal , is still one of the empires in the world of the world .
&apos;Diana had an incredibly nice skin and long inflexies &apos; , he resembles him .
&apos;he was just a miracle .
the men were heaven for him .
he was sexy without trying to do so &apos; .
for the first time in 1991 , the Mary Court of Diana in 1991 , when Vogue , at that time , Mrs Harms asked him to do her Diana before at the December photograph with one of the magazine of the single magazine of the single magazine , Patrick Demarch .
Sam McKnigho , the team was also attended by Sam McKnigh .
it took place when Mrs Diana and Mr Charles were the most important and public support started in the name of public support .
&apos;they did not tell us who it was , although we knew that it was someone who was a famous one &apos; , Mr Greenwaln said .
&apos; when we arrived , Diana was just too beautiful there , was soya and friendly and extremely excited , that he could be at the front of the Vogue .
it was a caanem - Diered in a carg , the nail about the hand , his blue eyes to the special , a candlous eyes to the special , a candlman of the French man , the short cut - was revolutionary .
that is the speed of positive , individuality and elegant .
above all , it was modern , by conveying the presence of the early nineties climated by early nineties , and creating strong contrasts between Mrs Diana and the Royal Family , who was in front of the horrobil , as the Queen mentioned it afterwards .
&apos;Diana was very tense with her mea .
he simply wanted to see fresh and different &apos; , Mr Greenwalhe said .
over time , she taught Diana himself - a peer - peer - Twning crew , a cluk con for raising our eyes , a bet of bet - and stressed healthy skin routine , encouraging him to look after his and follow the mantra &apos; inner in the &apos; internal day &apos; .
Diet &apos; has done everything in modernity &apos; , Mr Greenwell says .
he paid enough and reduced the consumption of alcohol , which is very important to the detriment of the poor .
the printer of Guerlain was preferred by Guerlain , a Clarine , Clarinsi , Clarine , and Clintinique , Wild Rose .
however , the biggest service that Mary Diana was doing was his bullying from the blue bridge .
&apos;Let simply did so much old &apos; , he said .
instead , it used the combination of soft lignites and neutral tone to a toolbox with a toiler on a pensionary , which had been integrated among themselves , so that everyone was fairly soft .
he often used the tone of the then credo and a little Solar service to highlight the healthy sword .
&apos;Dian was customary to me to call me and invite me to discuss products , which I was very pleased to do &apos; , said to me by Mr Greendal .
&apos;I think that was a relaxation for him ; the opportunity to take a few moments &apos; .
his favourite brand was a luxury mark in Clarine .
Diana allegedly used the agenda and night of day and night for their sensitive skin , and to the drug plants for the Alpine drug plants .
he also went to the cosmetics of the Filderman Central London in Central London on a regular basis .
Diana had a famous skin , but at times he had a Roma , a moderate propulsion , which is often due to stress .
in order to mitigate this , he used natural flames , including the blight metre oil .
&apos;Dianal had a magnificent luxury structure &apos; , Mr Greenwalhe said .
the only part of his appearance , on which he was very confident , was his joke .
give him a reminder : &apos; at a time when the newspapers wrote that he had been going to Ninga , turned to me and said in her laughing : &apos; honestly , if I had allowed his novelopelated , &apos; When you are going to have chosen his nose , so that I would then have chosen it ? &apos;
when the advice of Mrs Greenwalli and Sam McKnigt &apos;s advice , Dias felt to be more and more self-confident in terms of its new appearance .
one of his most familiar with the public - in 1994 in the Sping-in Gecphere in London in London , where he dumped the famous &apos; abhorrent &apos; , extricate , uncovered by a figured exhibition of a figured exhibition of the scale of his life - shows that a further signalling of his life has come out .
with short and unspeakable talk , Mrs Diana is at the same time sex and dynamic , his short solitary contrasts with a very challenging gulf .
his meal is perfect - attractive , but also modest , black gastronomic of emphasising the sense of his eyes .
without fear of erehs , particularly the red , in particular the red , it dumped the dozen to a dog , rather probably the Revon red , which then became a brand in some respects .
a few months later , he snewed his elegant red manager of a red man in the Netherlands .
the printer was a benchmark for healthy and self-confidence .
last but not least , he has full control .
in the days and in the form and in the form of his meals , he will pass on exactly what he wants to think : he is a woman who seems to be at the end of being a woman who seems to have at last found himself in his or her place .
it is a real pity that he was not able to prove it .
the IAAF warns that the petition will be closely monitored by the London World Cup .
on Friday , the World Cup will start in London on Friday , and athletes are starting more in the spotlight channels than ever before .
these World Cup are the first to be guarded by a new body , athletics interit Unit ( AIU ) , which also monitors corruption , gambling and the falsification of results .
it is not possible to rule out that people &apos;s animals will not allow such things to happen .
we can say , however , that we have the best practices and the best anti-doping programme , which can be at all now , based on information and data collection , and we will see the result after the event &apos; , the AIU representative , David Howman .
AIU has allowed 19 athletes on 19 athletes on 19 athletes , who have been caught in a neutral manner .
the leaking of the transcribes is probably the federal crime , according to former prosecutors , is probably the federal crime .
who leaked to the President &apos;s trumps and foreign leaders to the press was likely to cause a crime on Thursday , when the lawmakers made an appeal to the defendants of the former prosecutors on Thursday , when the lawmakers called an appeal .
&apos;unauthorised disclosure of these documents onto the press is a crime &apos; , the former Columbia circular public prosecutor , Joe tenova Forest .
these various acts that involve the signs of conversations between the President and the heads of the foreign country , are a serious threat to national security .
the Washington Post , on the basis of leaked documents , reported to the leaked documents at the end of January on the dramatic speeches by the President of Mexico , Enrique PENA Nieto , and the Australian Prime Minister , Mr Turmes .
the first thing was that the Mexican state leader was supposed to stop public proclaiming that his government did not pay for the border wall .
according to the newspaper , the transcribes contained notes that the National Security Council would have classified them .
the Post said that the nendene were able to reach the namen , which had &apos; made up the White House &apos; , based on the letters from the White House .
&apos;Where is a federal law of the law making it leaked to the unauthorised person of such classified information to mourn a crime , a federal crime &apos; , the former in New York , Doug Burns .
although some of the details of these speeches had to be made by the public in February , notes the publication of transcripts in the White House , who is trying to reduce leaks .
the report was coincidental at a time when the leading figures in the wrong administration were , on Friday , prepared to stand up to the public on Friday to demonstrate its commitment to the eradication of classified information to the people of leagues .
the Deputy Prosecutor , Mr Sespensions , the Deputy National Intelligence , Dan Cows , General Ros Rosenstein , General Ros Rosenstein , General Ros Rosenstein , General Ros Rosenstein , General Ros Rosenstein , was expected to conduct a public course with the situation in the Ministry of Justice .
it is not clear whether the Ministry of Justice will investigate the Pot leak .
in order to be accountable for this , according to Burns , &apos; certain elements have to be clearly demonstrated &apos; .
he said that &apos; on this subject , there may be some windows &apos; , referring to the former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , and the decision not to table the accusation .
these considerations include document labels and history and its precise classification .
in the event of secrecy , prosecutors will study whether the document was leaked to unauthorised individuals in a way that is having a negative effect on the interests of the United States .
&apos;If this can be proven , people can no doubt be criminally defensive &apos; , in Burns .
there is no doubt &apos; .
when it comes to the transcripts of telephone calls , the DGenova , who was the Public Prosecutor of Sesons , that such documents were &apos; generally classed as secret and higher &apos; .
by claiming that these leaks are jeopardising the ability of the American Government to move foreign policy , turned to the director-general prosecutor to bring together a federalist criminal criminal body to find leakers .
he also said that , in order to obtain telephone calls and editors of the Washington Post and editors should be put forward - something against which the deportations would no doubt be in protest against .
UTAH &apos; Republican Senator , Mike Lee , said on Thursday in Capitol Hill that a criminal procedure should be carried out in the case of identifying classified information .
&apos;The person who leaked - he has to be punished and , in addition , he must be unleashed &apos; , Lee Fox , in the name of &apos; America &apos; .
&apos;That is unacceptable and this sort of thing should never happen &apos; .
Lee , who worked as a lawyer before he was elected to the Senate in 2010 , said that this kind of crime was a &apos; crime &apos; , a very serious federal crime &apos; .
&apos;That should not and should not be accompanied by just dismissal , but also criminal proceedings , given that the confidential information is involved , he used to be involved .
it was said to Forest News that , at this stage , the announcement by the Ministry of Justice may give an overview of what the Ministry of Justice hopes to achieve , not to clarify certain procedures .
last week President Sespensions were openly criticised by President Sespensions and expelling their anger publicly against the Chief Prosecutor , claiming that the latter has not made enough efforts to find leakers .
&apos;I want a Chief Prosecutor to be much more stringent for the leaks that come from the security agencies &apos; , said as true in his roses on 25 July .
Sessions itself admitted the last week to Fox News Tucker , that he was not satisfied with leaks which have repeatedly challenged the President from his inauguration .
&apos;I have not been satisfied with the previous procedures and investigations in the criminal leaks &apos; , said &apos; Sessions .
even some of the President are taking the floor in the face of some of the President , saying that this is the way in which foreign policy efforts are undermined .
the leaking by the President and the head of a foreign country is an outrageous , shocking and dangerous thing &apos; , written David frum of atlanticus on Thursday .
&apos;It is extremely important for the President to be able to communicate confidential - and perhaps even more importantly , foreign leaders understand that they can provide a confidential answer &apos; .
Senator Mark Warner ( D-Va ) , the leader of the Senate Security Committee , told Daily Bearon , also said that leak is &apos; absolutely &apos; worrying &apos; and Congress should look at this .
the US naval Channel , the hand was ordered to withdraw from the empty box around the American flag on the American nail .
at the heart of the dispute between the United States of America and Florida are at the heart of the dispute between the United States of America and Florida have been covered by the American flag .
Mr Ackert , the officer of the United States of America , John Ackert , says that he received a letter from the Talvade Southwood , in which he will be asked to take the form of the next national flag or face a punishment .
he said to the WCTV that he is not going to give in , and has submitted appeals , without the fight .
I am , frankly , taking it as a bully &apos; , said Ackert .
and I think that people should fight against any form of bullying , in particular .
Ackert said that the alliance of homelessness is not in line with Southwood &apos;s headline values .
in the words of the United States navy , John Ackert , said that he had the opportunity to remove its post surrounded surroundings in the area of the American flag .
due to the approach of the end of the Holiness season , we are asking you to take the floor in the surroundings around the American flag on the American flag &apos; , the letter sent out .
they may be out of 30 days before and , after 15 days at the latest , they will have to be taken out of 15 days at the latest .
he said that there have been four years outside the surroundings .
it has been there in 30 days &apos; time , after a move to a house .
the messages to the Southwood &apos;s housing union did not receive an immediate response on Thursday morning .
some of the Ackert neighbour said to the WCTV that the letter was a little harsh , and they did not , in particular , surprised the actions of the Lowners &apos; Union .
&apos;they are doing such things all the time &apos; , Mike Stephenson said .
I think that is ridiculous .
why should patriotic be present in their own country ?
Ms PATEU said : &apos; it is a veterman who served our country .
it is just a flag with a flag .
I do not think that is the right thing to do .
the house belongs to him , at least that could be allowed .
in the words of the Alliance of Civil Insurance , it says that Ackert has 15 days to be removed , otherwise he will have a fine .
he has not received an answer to his appeal .
several Emam nominau and a producer , Neal Baer , paid 4.35 million dollars of Hollywood Hill in Wessa , based on an atomic age .
in 1945 , Josef Van der Kar , in 1945 , Josef Van der Kar , in 1945 , and called the &apos; nuclear arms &apos; , by Albert and Roberta Wohlstein .
in the case of a limited entry journey at the head of a limited entry journey at 25 square metre , which are opening up to vessels , steel and internal axis .
in the case of housing and feedstuff , there is a repeat of the underground , a kamt and disposable panels that will be put in a kitchen .
the main part of the house consists in three magnets and three ancient old ones .
a separate crop of visitors will also be based on a separate crop of hospitality , with a view to a huge amount of fish and magnets .
there is also an old age and a further storage of savings in separate building .
Albert Wohlstein was a good nuclear route during the Cold War .
Mrs Wohlstein &apos;s analysis of the tentions of the Wohhylter , before the Pearl Harbori attack has also quoted from the investigation committee of 11 September .
Wohlection have accepted both the Presidential and Presidential administrations , including John F. Kprevention in Cuba during the rocket crisis .
they received Ronald Reagan in 1985 .
Bavariis the most well-known for its work on the television framework &apos; Cirabella &apos; and &apos; Secil : &apos; for sexual crimes &apos; .
the military acid women were Mike Deasy and Sara Clue , were Deasy / Penner and Partners .
the purchaser was represented by Mrs Keller Willis Realty , a buyer of Hattie Rinterty .
at the Agriculture climate , heavy goods horses will be assessed tomorrow in the context of agriculture .
on this Saturday , on 5 August , the day of the Estonian Rack horse will take place on this Saturday , 5 August .
a heavy haulage horse from Estonia is one of three Estonian horses , following the horse and the horse of the one in three Estonian horses .
the day of freight haulage horses takes on 23 times this year and the year of work horses , there will be 17 heavy haulage from Estonia .
on that day , young people were being compared with heavy goods horses , full orts and memories .
in addition , the work carried out by the best distributors is also recognised .
as an threatened barrier , heavy goods horses have been put together more than 350 .
the retention and the use of horses is also being introduced at one of the most recently .
on the same day , it will be possible to visit the Estonian museum exhibition for access to VV100 grain cane and hungry and to participate in the thematic workshops .
it is up to the visitors to every age of age .
there is an opportunity for children , an opportunity to drive a bull or hormony , to take part in the drawing board and to visit the Third Perite scientific theatre .
there will also be a summer , which provides food and crafts to food and crafts .
the day of the heavy haulage by Estonia will be organised jointly by the branch of Estonian Hobusegrowers , the Estonian branch of heavy haulage , and of Estonia .
the Treasury will be supported by the Estonian Nans .
the &apos; Blog Archip &apos; Blog Archion &apos; Made and road repair work .
of course , as a former office , all kinds of land remedial remains an eye to me now , whether in the field or on the ground .
the quality of machines and works has improved considerably , and everything is happening more effectively than at the time .
at the moment , these are mainly carried out by former land remedials , search for errors and congestion and improve them .
in addition , stricter environmental requirements , which were not given the attention of a decade ago .
building materials have been renewed , such as using clastic pipes , instead of past automobiles , instead of stoning and shells , in addition to stoning , in addition to stoning the belt , in addition to stoning .
previously , sciences and lignies have previously been assured by the false cartots ( MP , SMEs ) and memories .
in order to protect the environment , they are dumped before the drifts , their ticks ) can be brought to natural streams in natural oils or rivers , which should clean up the waters of the water .
there are often too many wooden strippers or the flames are often planted or they are going to grow the seed out of the seed .
in the Hundnaians have a selfishness to filter poisonous substances from water .
an Against Approach was summoned last year and this week in the room , the construction of fire-fighting water was built on beaches for fire water .
and that a machine does not shrink into the pond , that is the heavy bet on the water plate .
in the surroundings , alongside the cleaning of the petroverts , the improvement of forest routes is an improvement of the forest routes .
the cloud between forests should be part of the guilt , which will also be able to receive additional crumps .
there will be a better statesmanship , the road of which will go straight away from the hecks and which will soon be completed .
the Vama is at a different moment .
the road is going ahead , and there is a process of upgrading the tails and roads there , as well as the improvement of the league errors that have come out .
this report : Mueller called for an investigation into the work of older men in a study with Russia .
the &apos; Wall Street Journal announced on Thursday that the Special Prosecutor of Donald &apos;s possible links between Russia and Donald , has invited the whole of the elderly men .
the page states that the whole of older men is a new and significant step forward in the investigation by the Public Prosecutor , Robert Mueller , on the question of whether or not his main advisers to promote the Presidential Presidential of the republics of 2016 .
in the past , NBC News had previously announced that , before Mueller , the Director of the FBI , who is now chairing this critical investigation , the public prosecutors were appointed by public prosecutors from the former National Security adviser , Michael Flynn , and the former head of the campaign , Paul Manafort , as part of the investigation into the activities of the former campaign leader , Mr Manafort , as part of the investigation into the activities of the former Election , Paul Manafors .
one of the personal lawyers of the President , John DOWD , said to NBC News , said to NBC News , he was not aware that Mr Mueller had started using older men .
&apos;We have worked together with Mr Mueller and his team since 1 June , because we want to get that matter &apos; , he said .
in the light of the news of the news of the total summoning of the ages of the ages , we have no reason to think that the President is under investigation &apos; .
NBC News has not confirmed the Journal &apos;s data independently .
the use of older men is a normal part of a complicated investigation , and it is not a tool that aims only to listen to testimonies , but also to obtain information and data from individuals or businesses .
it is a powerful tool that prosecutors can take advantage of the request for prosecutions and the judiciary , and it can be indicated that the work of Mueller is still far from being done .
the truck has denied that he or any member of his team during the 2016 presidential campaign in 2016 .
the Moscow officials have also denied playing a role as a sham in the surprising victory last November .
the President &apos;s special advisor , Ty Cobb , said he was not aware that Mr Mueller had started using a new prisoner for old men .
&apos;The collection of older men is usually a secret &apos; , Cobb , said in the statement .
the White House is in favour of everything that speeds up the completion of his work fairly .
the White Group is fully committed to working with the Mueller .
the former Director of the FBI , Jim Comey , has stated three times that the President is not under investigation , and we have no reason to think that things have changed &apos; .
the Australian Investment Bank is accused of large-scale abuses of money laundering .
the Australian Government came out against the country &apos;s largest mortgage on Thursday in large-scale infringements of the rules against money laundering and terrorism financing on Thursday .
the Financial Intelligence Agency , AUSTRAC , the Financial Intelligence Agency , AUSTRAC , a &apos; serious and systematic failure &apos; of the civil punishment procedure in the largest case in Australia and the first one , where the accused is a big bank .
&apos;Comrak &apos;s behaviour in this matter has left the Australian society &apos;s serious and lasting financial crime &apos; , said in the AUSTRAC .
Commonweed Bank , in his statement , said that they will investigate the allegations and answer , &apos; when time is right &apos; .
Australia &apos;s largest mortgage in the form of borrowing at a time , or not at all , to &apos; know of dubious circumstances &apos; which concern transactions with the sum of more than 77 million dollars ( USD 61 million ) &apos; , the AUSTRAC was announced in AUSSTRAC .
according to the Agency , the Bank has committed 53 700 abuses of money laundering and terrorist financing , particularly with regard to the so-called &apos; intelligent Investigaes &apos; .
the previous largest case of this type was previously associated with the Pusular betting in Austrian , the most popular betting , Mr Holding , who had just 108 alleged violations .
in writing . - ( NL ) Mr President , this is about 45 million of Australian dollars , and it is the greatest civil punishment in the Australian Society .
the representative of AUTRACs refused to comment on the possible punishment of the CommBank , or whether there might be other banks on the line of the Agency .
the maximum punishment of money laundering and terrorist financing in the event of a contravention of the law on the financing of terrorism and terrorism in the event of a contravention of the law .
Intelligent Renewables are a definite type of bank automobiles , which are adopting both cash and chek , and facilitate the anonymity contribution of cash money .
according to AmBank , the use of the CommBank Intelligent Investments of CommBank , following their introduction in May 2012 .
the funds for cash in 2016 have been set to 5.8 billion in the first six months following the USD 89 million in the first six months after the Commik &apos;s auctions were introduced .
AUSTRAC states in court documents that the funds for cash were used from false names , so that a profit ship in the importer of drugs .
&apos;Well , even after the attention of the Commandk was led to the money-laundering or the &apos; furpation &apos; in the accounts of the Commbang , the CommBank , has not started to monitor their customers in order to make it difficult and manage money laundering and terrorist financing &apos; , the case is the case of court documents .
AUSTRAC added that the CommBank &apos;s accounts were also used to &apos; hang break &apos; , a form of money laundering , which includes transfers between countries , without the money actually being crossing the international borders .
two influential women share the secrets of success .
what is joint on Mrs Corcorani and Mrs Al ?
at first sight these women come from two completely different world .
the New York property camera , Barbara Corcoran , has been able to convert a loan of USD 1 billion a decent building of five billion , before implementing his expertise on the Theak by participating in the ABC &apos;s grace of the ABC , the &apos; Shark Adk &apos; of the ABC &apos;s grace of investors &apos; panels in the ABC &apos; panel of investors &apos; panels .
in the footsteps of her father , Laila Ali has been going to follow his father by being a four-fashionable champion of women , before his additions were still the roles of the television leader , the author and the speaker .
in spite of their unique career paths ( or perhaps perhaps due to them ) TJ Maxx , the latter , TJ Maxx , in order to help them talk about the upset of stereotypes and the achievement of the ambitious objectives .
last year , T.J. Maxx spoke to women in the shops in the shops and found that 80 % of them feel that society has given them more stereotypical roles and expectations .
as a result , they come from the Maxx You Project , in order to help women to break up these barriers .
there are many lessons to be known to Corcoris and the AU know much about it ; they may be at the top of my area now , but the journey there was not a smooth one for them .
Mr Corcoran received Central schools and the College mainly came to Di and had already worked on 20 years of age in the age of 23-year-old .
he entered one of the most male areas and , in addition , he stood up his way to try to take up his father &apos;s head , who was the top of the ikoon .
these two millenies are bothered by the knowledge acquired by difficulties .
that is why we sat down with these influential women to talk about overcoming the failures , coping with success and trust in their business and relations .
which is inspiring you to do what you are working on every day ?
Lavaa Ali : I am motivated by my personal goals every day .
I have shaped the habit of writing things that I want to achieve .
and I look at the list .
I find myself responsible .
I am of course inspiring my children .
I have the ambition to inspire me .
I would like to be victorious in everything that I do in my life .
I understand that achieving my objectives requires a hard job , but I am prepared to do so .
my confidence stems from the preparation .
therefore , I take a lot of time to prepare .
Mrs Corcoran : as I do , it is a key to my confidence being prepared , but I do not draw our inspiration from it .
I am , in fact , inspired by the hard curiosity .
what happens if I do so ?
what will remain , if I do not do so ?
this curiosity leads me to rise from the margin in the morning , because I cannot afford to wait what the day brings with ourselves .
if I do not know in a few days , I simply pretend to make these feelings .
then , then , I will believe in my own sense , and I can take inspiration again .
talk about a few concessions in their career , which made you much better in the long term .
Mrs Corchian : for me , it was the most difficult to me when my business partner left me in the march and my secretarial march .
I ended up a business year later , but it was a year of my life - the fifth wheat - was dreadful , because I did not have enough confidence to leave .
I felt substituted , there was no inspiration .
but the amazing thing is happening .
it is most difficult to believe in this moment when you hit the setbacks .
it was an extremely difficult year , a year , a year , a year that has taken a year was extremely difficult .
Laila Ali : I would say that my career was the most difficult time when I was involved in hanging , I was at the top of my career and decided to give the divorce .
I was not only separated from my husband , but also from the customs mountain and a man who taught me all I know about boxing .
I did not believe that I could do without him .
so I have had to worry about the future of my career and I had to find time to take a step back and say to myself : &apos; you have all the necessary knowledge and experience .
you have all these experiences in the boy circul .
you will undoubtedly be able to do so &apos; .
so I made a new team around myself and I went on my own career .
in fact , it was simply necessary to achieve the right state of mind , because all the rest was given the impetus there .
I did what was needed , I had to face fear and find the courage to get rid of my husband and the pound and to continue with my career , and everyone resolved .
when did you feel that you were really successful ?
to Mr Ali : I felt that I have achieved success when I won my title of the first championship .
it was a really good feeling , because , starting with the hanging , I wanted to be one of the best , that I wanted to be .
I have succeeded in achieving this goal , and I did not win the title of the championship , not one , but four times .
Mrs Corchian : one moment when I felt that I had made progress , my eleven years of operation was in my 11 years of operation .
I was at the end of the day .
I had earned some 42 000 dollars a profit , which I was not able to expect .
I went out straight away and bought a new car both for the mother and the father , and they never had a new car , and they had never had a new car , and they had never had a new car .
I felt like the Queen of England .
I felt so brilliant .
I will take much more than that in the coming years , but nothing has been able to offer the same sense as the opportunity to give our parents something back and striking them with surprise .
how did you , in the course of this 11-year-old period , to keep working in order to continue working ?
I did not measure my business as a result of profit , because it was not my aim .
I simply wished to see how far I am able to achieve .
I set myself a dream on the first day to receive the New York Dignity Right on the very first day .
and I saw myself as a spiritual as a pound - all of my cheek and cheese me .
it was such a little idea in my head .
so , when I pressed every day , every hour , I did not really mean to serve the money .
finally , I did not get the money accidental .
but all the money that came into being , I immediately turned back to business .
I do not even believe that I had a daunting days at all , where I would have thought that oh God , we are not serving money .
I simply had the belief that something was going to work .
the worst thing that could happen would have been the removal of the company and going back again .
I will have a good drink and I was happy .
I could be happy again .
therefore , I do not believe that there is a great deal of ambition for people that has made a great deal of progress .
they have other incentives that incite them .
and the money was not one of my own .
do you have any advice to someone who has such great dreams , but who are being held back by a financial factor ?
Mrs Corcoran : when I was going to earn a lot of money , I had money to invest in property , but I did not have time .
I made a firm in Riknnn .
and that is why I found myself with five different partners who were not even in specialists in the brokel , but in the various neighbourhoods everywhere in different neighbourhoods , who felt through our streets and in the burth .
I have taken note to them , and I said : &apos; you know this neighbourhood .
I think I have the best building .
I will give you the money and you will become my partner : &apos;
the lesson here is that , if you have money , you leave the people to earn money with their money .
and if you have an talent , you can sell it to someone who has the money , and it would earn money .
there are two aspects here : Anne and money .
however , if you have not done so , then nothing will happen very much .
ultimately , I have - and also my partners - in all these years , together with these major investors that I would never have ever had if I did not have the courage to find commoditist people who would like to take up .
it is always possible to obtain money when the belief that you have an anger and to feel better than anyone in the world .
what are we talking about this morning : what are the two or three things that you do every morning to help you succeed ?
Laila Ali : I do not know about you , but I do have a lot of time in my life , when I feel over-burdened , being a mother , a business , the husband ... all the roles we play as women .
I arrive at a point in my life where I really had to put this morning in place .
I like to stand up and simply feel a great deal of gratitude .
gratitude for the uprisings , for our health , for their children , for their own family .
I often write up the evening , which is my objectives for the next day , and , if I wake up , I will look again at the list .
Mr Meditain .
sometimes I am writing in days .
the line has always been taken out of the pocket .
and always the first thing I did in the morning because , if I do not do so , it will remain without it .
for me , at the end of the day , it is a matter of priorities .
these are things that I consider to be important : in my spiracy , a focus on the universe and God , then training and putting our health first .
that would be the simple thing to do with this .
I feel able to conquer all the challenges that come in my way in the course of a day .
Mrs Corcoran : I place a point of order for that to happen .
I am working through a list of tasks that is endless and ridiculous .
and put in place , which is the most important thing .
what are the real priorities ?
I will try to accept these most important things .
what do you do to bring ourselves a major meeting in the right state of emergency ?
Mrs Corcoran : I am failing to fail .
that is bizarre , if not .
I think that the Issand , I am failing .
Mr Hirmutan , and this makes me more effort .
I can imagine anyone who is in competition with me - I am very conspicuous by nature , because I am one of ten children and we could never get the attention of our parents sufficiently .
I can be very conspicuous .
and I will always come back too carefully .
I am going to strengthen the self-confidence of me .
Lausa Ali : it is amazing that we are in this respect .
we have two successful people , and this shows how different things are working for different people .
I am pleased to see that I am successful .
I am pleased to see the end , which is a success .
I can imagine that in the spirit of mind , I actually see it happening .
as I have always done , I see the struggle going , the fight to take place , to take ourselves off the wreck and the return of the clothing space to celebrate a piece of cogis , as I have always done .
the same applies to meetings .
I will , however , always prepare themselves in depth ; this self-confidence stems precisely from the preparation because , in the cloud , the fear is that I do not go well or I do not know the right things or do not have the necessary information .
that is where I come from the preparation of this game .
however , I am always entering into the final outcome .
you have both been very successful in your career .
how will you pass on that ?
Laila Ali : I am very exciting that I can be part of T.J. MAXXI from the Max You Project , because I feel that this is an opportunity to do so .
a great many women need to inspire , to encourage them to pursue their dreams and objectives .
that is all of the chempires .
it is , in fact , a matter of urgency and of having the necessary tools , surrounded ourselves with the right people , people who have been able to achieve what you are trying to achieve .
Mrs Corcoran : one of the things I am doing very well in my opinion is to inspire people .
that is why I was very excited when I was invited to work with Maxx You Project .
I will try to take the form of the individuality and inspiration that we see in all these people here and give them practical advice on how to move forward .
many people are making the start of their dreams , but they tend to be wrong in some points .
so we are trying to help them to focus on the cause .
everything we teach is practical .
an issue that is as easy as the lifts , everything that is needed to set up a company .
what advice would you give to women who want to make progress in male areas ?
Laila Ali : I am acting in one of the most male areas , which is a hank .
to come after my father , who was the best of the world of ikoon and all times , was quite discouraging .
for me , the crux of the matter was actually to find its talent , courage , strength in self-sufficiency .
the first thing I would like to do was to believe that I can get round and succeed .
at the time , nobody else was concerned about me and there were no restrictions on my way , other than those of which I had myself set up for myself .
if you believe in ourselves and find their passion , no one can stand in the way .
Mrs Corcoran : the road to find an inspiration and having a attitude like me - the &apos; New York Dignity Queste - and there is a huge amount of time between overcoming the New York Dignity .
and in this interim phase , which is a day of your career career every day , there is a lot of talent .
in order to obtain these talent , we do not have to act with property agendas .
I am sure that in the area of Laila , it was also necessary to decide what the right people are , the right naughters as to begin when to put an end , a lot of money , which can be put in what can be put in place , which is not how difficult they are prepared to work .
these are all subjective decisions .
I am trying to make these efforts slightly more robust , so that these women really feel : &apos; no , I have now understood .
let me try .
here are the three main priorities .
when they leave the three main priorities so that things really do happen , I will go back home in home with smile at home .
what is your night at your night at the moment ?
Laila Ali : too much of a fool .
the magazines , books , small palm , my day .
it is probably on the water supply .
Mrs Corchian : my night has a small green tip of the green light , because I tried to break the habit every morning the first thing to look at the phone .
that is why I procured that .
it was in a hurry .
but that has never worked .
and still stands there .
and my phone is still on my night .
what books are you going to read now ?
Mrs Corcoran : Eighth or ninth times , &apos; How to become friends and to influence the people &apos; .
that keeps me on the right track .
I think that is still the best book that has been written in this area , which is not written in this area , which is what you dreams and dreams cannot be achieved without the people of others .
and this makes it possible to get into contact today in exactly the same way as it did in the past .
I like to read it out at times .
this will help me to get on the right track again .
Laila Ali : learn at the diary school , which is why I read the book &apos; Net free dieomet &apos; .
it is about the eating of cereals and how they affect our body .
I am very interested in this .
what is your best advice to deal with the successes and failures of success ?
Mrs Corcoran : ignore the laundering .
they encounter all sorts of different forms .
you have to remove their brains from their mouth .
keep the vans out of the bags .
they are a miracle you out of energy empty .
I take the side of the strippers as a theft .
they will come at night , sounding your wallets and departures .
the pessimists will destroy the crew more quickly than you can look at your eyes , because people who are propagate themselves , want others to feel badly .
they are attracting good people with themselves .
I can perfectly avoid all the negative people in the scope of 50 km , because my aim is to be positive and to have everything to do and to pass everything I have to offer .
so why do I want to ask for a minute to spend a minute on these people ?
Laila Ali : there must be consistency .
we will start with many times with conviction that we are now taking this path .
let us do it and that is what we are doing .
however , people do not follow this long enough .
sometimes they give them just before they end up in the last .
so I think that we need to stay on course .
if you feel passion for something , they believed in something , then you will have to be consistent .
and the hard work that the success requires .
Mrs Corcoran : a great deal of effort must be made to ensure continuity .
do you know what is needed to do so ?
that is how things are completed .
if you start with something , then it will stop .
there are many who are some of the foundations , but not a few graduates .
Chinese Internet censors have complex boxes and hirouse in China .
according to the experts , there is a reference to a shift that can affect many users from certain users to businesses , that China is increasingly concerned about the influence of the Internet .
&apos;It seems that restrictions are becoming more and more intense , but at the same time the Internet is more powerful than ever &apos; , the Emily Parker , the Emily Parker , the Emily Parker , who has written a book entitled &apos; Dho in Comrades &apos; , which deals with the influence of the Internet in China , Cuba and Russia .
the restrictions placed on the Beijing Internet are proportionate to the influence of the Internet in China .
according to the experts , China &apos;s control has not yet strengthened the control of China and , in many cases , the game of cat and mouse will continue .
one day after Apple , the people last week started to spread in the Chinese social media the way in which access to these tools , which is so simple that it is even technical .
this involved the registration of a boy of human applications to another country where the VPA applications are still available .
nevertheless , on a Thursday , China wants to change the game in favour of the cat .
a number of providers of Internet services in China have said on Thursday in their social media accounts , on websites , or by us , that Chinese security officials will test a new way to find their services online , which will care or use illegal content .
once they have been found , the authorities are asking the authorities to say that Internet service providers would require their customers to stop this activity .
when the customers continue , service providers and Chinese officials interrupt these Community minutes .
the Ministry of Public Security did not respond to a comment by the Ministry of Public Security .
studies suggest that tens of millions of people in China use VPNs and other type of software to escape from a large number of lights .
even though the closures of foreign television broadcasts and pornography , many people are leaving off , they are putting China with an exponential amount of online users &apos; community .
the Chinese President , XI Jinping , has been responsible for the new control elements of the Internet over the years , but he has also raised the technology and the Internet as a critical factor in China &apos;s future economic development .
as cyberspace has begun to play a more central role in terms of what is happening in China , government control levers have evolved .
it is difficult to identify the extent of the new efforts , as many users and businesses are not openly discussing them in public , fearing the Chinese Government &apos;s complicity .
however , some frequent users have said that it is becoming increasingly difficult to escape the limitations .
one student who is studying in the United States and nailing to spend his summer holiday in China , said that he had been blocked by the local VPN .
he said that he took the period as a kind of mediage beyond the social media and he left Facebook to his friends to explain why he has been under the ground .
a woman from a Chinese university doctrary has said that , without Google having become research , it has become more difficult to carry out research , even though the university has found alternative publications so that students do not always need the Internet .
according to itself , he has now found a new way of bypassing , without displaying , which is what it is .
according to the Chinese Internet observers , some of the VPAs are still working , and China would be able to do much more to intensify restrictions .
&apos;We believe that , if the government had decided to do so , it would have now stopped much more use of VPN &apos; , VPNA , the website created in 2015 , which will help the Chinese users to VPN for a VPI .
&apos;If the government had sent out more , the Chinese would be much more complicated &apos; , the representative who refused to give himself to China because of the delicate nature of the work of the group .
&apos;apparently they did not do so because they have to leave people or businesses a little breathing space &apos; .
Chinese online restrictions are often cyclical .
the current atmosphere is partly due to the important meeting of the Chinese Communist Party , which is the 19th party of the 19th party .
five years ago , the VPN came to an unforeseen interruption at that time .
like economic policy or external affairs , censorship are also part of a difficult and often inadequate political process in China .
according to the analysts , the government departments , in the run-up to Congress , feel that they are effective and able to intervene in the event .
&apos;This is certainly not in the VPC apocalypse &apos; , the head of the Global Force Force , the head of the global technological department , Paul Triolo .
the more difficult environment and new opportunities and approaches allow China simply to have a better use of the use of VPD at the elected time of Beijing and to include in the place &apos; , he said .
China &apos;s population is learning earlier on to cope with these difficulties .
earlier this summer , Chinese Internet giant , Tenewd , began to limit the time under which the young , as 18 , has been allowed to play a popular web band &apos; , allowing it to be used for an hour by those who are under 12 and two hours for those aged between 12 and 18 .
therefore , China &apos;s young people have begun to make use of the age-old solution - false documents .
&apos;What is your &apos; Honor of King is being restricted ?
are you interested in having a document which shows that you are older than 18 ? &apos; I asked the Chinese social media ?
it is not a problem .
take in touch with the cheaply document to obtain &apos; .
he was extolled on the face of the global cyber attack .
and then he was arrested .
when the bad assets were first advertised in the Russian dry in the Russian dry , the USD 7 000 dollar was considered to be a profit to sell bad assets .
domestic advertising was being advertised as a haunting tool , which is able to obtain data , including users &apos; and carrot , bosses and bogus , the PE and personal information that is useful in breaking security issues .
on Thursday , Motherbard announced on Thursday that the visit of Black Ha and Defcis had been held at the port in Hutch after the visit by Black Ha and Defca .
he had the intention to fly back home in Britain .
the security community responded by the security community with amazement and scepticism .
some warned that the requirements against Hutchins could undermine the relationship of &apos; false &apos; hapkers - investigators , who are seeking to identify and resolve problems with software , not to commit or resolve crimes , or between the law enforcement authorities .
others were hesitant that Hutchins had a hesitant to create such software .
in July 2014 he asked Twitter , and no one asked the Kronos &apos;s face , which is seemingly a strange request when he was the author of bad assets .
although the precise details of the substance of the Hutchins of Hutchins are not clear , peer investigative investigators have often ignored legal problems in the search for vulnerable places of the computer code .
in recent years , large techogices have announced &apos; errors of errors &apos; in order to formalise the problems for researchers and the process of compensating for their work .
at the Defner conference , undeniably accumulated by security experts from all over the world , has also had a tense relationship with the law enforcement authorities .
in 2002 , FBI , for example , in Las Veas , the FBI , Las Veas , after she had had a software , which , according to the authorities , would have to damage the safety of certain types of e-books .
the digital rights organisation , Electronic Frontier Foundation said in his statement that he was concerned about the arrest of Hutchinsi and looking at the matter .
Mrs WanCry was infected by computers in which Microyp Windows have been infected by Microsoft on Windows .
after the crypts of soften software and lock the files , the roof and heretics of users .
when infected pigs were integrated into the network , other online equipment may have been infected .
the aggressors insisted that the victims would pay hundreds of dollars to the address .
a &apos; accidental hero &apos; out of Hutch .
in an interview given to Guaron in May , Hutchins said that he had registered the online Tidait once he found that malicious software is trying to make contact with this .
by recording the Genas from the USD 10.69 , it launched the so-called killing site , which halted the spread of software .
his original intention was not to stop the attack , but to monitor its spread .
in Hutchins , who is working on a cyber security company in Krypto Logic , a war in an interview that he was not in the College and has learned the software .
the company did not give its comments .
Hutchins tried to remain anonymous , when dealing with the media through his constant Malta , but British tabloids revealed his identity .
he was extolled by cyber security in the cyber security community , and he received the SC Awards Europe in the event of the industry .
as true , the New Hampshire of New Hampshire was &apos; drug majoure &apos; , angry with that to the politics of the state of the state .
&apos;President is wrong &apos; , the Republican Governor of New Hampshire , the Republican Governor Chris Sundream of New Hampshire .
it is disappointing that his misrepresentation of the epidemic ignores everything that the individual country has to offer .
Senator Maggie , the democrat of New Hampshire , the New Hampshire , has called &apos; disgusting &apos; and said in Twitter that his or her own state is no different from others that are fighting the exploitation of the full opiates .
Senator Jinanne shaheen , as well as the democrat .
&apos;It is totally unacceptable that the President talks about the NHS in this way &apos; , he wrote in Twitter .
it is NH and the totally wrong image of the epidemic .
the addiction to capital - the category of drugs that includes heroin and fentan - is the most deadly drug epidemic in American history .
more people were killed in drug surrors in 2016 , more people were killed by weapons or car accidents - is estimated at 59 000 people on the basis of the reports analysed by the New York Times - and are now the main cause of death by the Americans over the age of 50 .
in 2015 , more than 97 million people in the United States , according to the substances in the field of mental health , more than 97 million people in the United States .
it is estimated that 12 million of these people did so in a way that was not determined by the doctor .
the New Hampshire region has got a hard blow and its people , during the 2016 campaign , repeatedly raised the problem for presidential candidates during the 2016 campaign .
in the New Hampshire , in 2016 , it was estimated that there were 439 cases in 2015 as a result of 470 overdoings .
in 2012 , according to the statistics on the health and service ministries of New Hampshire were 163 .
on Thursday , the Sundream of opoipic as &apos; one of the worst health crises with which the state has once faced &apos; .
he said that the government has doubled the resources dedicated to prevention , treatment and recovery .
he says that the state has also spent millions of dollars on prevention programmes aimed at children , to end the drug trafficking and to initiatives aimed at making the more accessible benefit zone used for treatment in the case of overdocks .
the long-standing adviser and leader of Dilney , Marty Sglass , died 83 years old .
Sglass , who died at my home in Los Angeles Hollywood Hillsi , who died in my own home in Los Angeles Hollywood Hillsi , maintained the link with the company after a pension in 2009 , which was just inspired by the 54th anniversary of the opening of the district of the Republic of Mesneyland .
last year , he became the only trump member of Shanghai &apos;s opening day in China , Shanghai Disney , who has been involved in opening up all the 12 Disny Parks across the world .
and , less than two weeks before he died , she was present on the eve of the fans of Disney , who was present in the presence of the Disneyland .
his death was declared by Disney Company , without mentioning the cause .
he was 83-year-old .
the office of Sklars , the Disneyland News was a temporary one , but he naasis Dismayland after U.C.A. , in 1956 , to work in this advertising department .
he received the main shadow author from Walt Disney to build the Walt Disney , the speeches , slogans , slogans and presentations , such as , for example , the written letter , which helped the company to gain discharge for the construction of Walt Disney and Ebloreast .
he has worked with Wales and his brother Royga , also on the annual reports by Mr Disney .
&apos;That were rather pezzling people who only came into 30 birthday and who only had six or seven years after the end of the College , was signed by Skar in his car biography : My Half-Century Century crney Disney Century crney .
however , despite the fact that Walt Disney , in his correspondence , Skandi , he appointed Skari at the New York World War , where Disney Company developed exhibitions and publications .
Skult wrote Walt Disnethon for the Magic sky , where an SkP wrote to Walt Disnethon , where Skalt wrote to Walt Disnethon , which was their main interconnect with large sponsors of large corporations .
it was the start of the second round of Skoos in an enterprise .
as the head of an ever-increasing Member and Iomatic , he was increasingly linked to the legacy of Walt Disney , who died at the end of 1966 , a long time before the Walt Disney was opened up in 1971 and the Efiltt .
after the Walt Disney &apos;s 65-year-old bird because of the lung cancer , Sglass was returned to a written world when he was told that the company &apos;s senior executives had not prepared a public speech , even though &apos; it was no secret that the death of the West was dying &apos; , as he writes in his car biography .
the Skar felt , as he himself said , that he had to write a statement to which Roy Disney writes , but he understood that the lack of planning was a sign that the death of Walt Disney had paralysed the company &apos;s managers .
&apos;in reality , they were all dead in the face of death &apos; , wrote Sglass .
Mr Adrian Sglass was born in February , in New Brswick in New Jersey .
her father , Leon was a teacher and a mother , a nenauproscent , Lilyn Fuchs , was employed by the company Johnson &amp; Johnson before a family home to Long Beong in California , when Marty was 12 .
after secondary school he had a number of temporary jobs , for example , he was working in Douglas Aircraftis , as a hambura chambura in his hands as well as a supermarket for postal services .
however , in May 1955 , when his third year in U.C.As was coming to an end , Sglass has received the message that he would call the Disney marketing and advertising leader E. Cardon Wales .
at that time , Sglass U.C.A. The head of the Daily Bruin , was the new head active .
he has asked him to come to a working interview to the creator and his editor in News for a creator and his editor &apos;s office .
Wales said that this dossier will soon be opened .
and that needs him .
he , in fact , beapt him after 20 minutes of an interview .
however , Skar also had to prove to Mr Disny that he knows what he is doing .
&apos;I had been working there for two weeks and I had to present the Walt Disney &apos;s report &apos; , reminded him of Disney Avenue on his website .
&apos;if it had not preferred to Wales , he would have thrown me out of the door and made a professional .
fortunately , fortunately , I welcomed Wales .
I was 21 .
it was horrible .
I never had been working on a professional level &apos; .
lessons from Walt Disney , and also to some other people ) , for one minute &apos;s ten command , or perhaps the manifesto of the Bureau of the Proceduce .
the orders include , for example , the following .
the attempt to &apos; enter the shoes of the visitors &apos; so as to experience a life as they do .
there is only one story in any conquest for each party .
the &apos; boy leark &apos; , Mr Rogers called the Sklari order called Skikhi , a role that Miki Hiir played the role of the Disney film in Disney &apos; ( 1940 ) , as she had brothered by Disney &apos;s philosophy of the three generations of Lisney .
he is left behind his husband , neiujabrokky , Leslie Sglass , the son of Leslie Sglass , son How Hows and four children .
Sglass was a dedicated leader of the Disney .
he periodically targeted the Malai-Hiuse : which showed him in Los Angeles , in Paris and Tokyo ) and the Miki-Hiuse &apos;s golden work .
and he never forgotten what Walt Disney had taught him .
when the Disney Company developed a California Addturdy , the Skard CP reminded the planners of the Skigr , to include activities that parents and children could do together , as Mr Disney had requested .
&apos;I reminded everyone that the Distheyland existed even because it was the case that Wales was customary to lead his daughter Diane Dial and Sharnit Griffith , said to the press in The Tary Los Angeles , who said in Tary Los Angeles , &apos; and father had to sit on the ground and the &apos; and man had to sit on park and hang . to eat , until children go alone &apos; .
he thought that a fellow Member &apos;s hard interest has been given .
but why was his symptoms so different ?
at the Thoohome point , he was given a great dose to meter turf .
for the rest of the day , he was interviewed , rushed , sorted and researched .
none of the people demonstrated anything , but he was also not found to send home .
he understood the cause .
for the past two years , she had taken a drug from Sjögreni syndrome for treating a drug called &apos; ethaner &apos; .
the treatment reduces the capacity of the immune system , and it restricted its capacity to combat infection .
Sjömgren is a crime of honour , a rather mysterious disease , with the body of white cronies , as if it were an invasive body that is soaring out of the chaos in this case , which produces tears and winds , and some armies , as well as in some armies .
weekly therapy ethanoma had been helpful by reducing the excessive pain .
however , he knew that it was rather hell in the event of a serious infection .
when the attainment started to function , the patient felt much better than it was .
Traumament doctors decided to leave a night of the hospital .
when it comes to a virus , like the doctors &apos; suspect , it will be in order next day to him and he is going to go home .
if Mr Girard was first in my new patient bullet , he has led himself to an infection , to which the people of the ethaner are susceptible .
this list was a long one .
we cannot cure the diagnosis before being treated , so he focused on bacteria .
one bacterium , which attacks the people of immigrations , is a food additive one .
this is often found in the untenated milk and cheese , and it causes terrible birth , constinacy and diarrhoea that he did not have .
the domestic business disease is the second infection , which is widespread among the protagonists , but it did not miss the bell or the air .
an ever more widespread bacterium Staphylococcus aucus can lead to a disproportionate infection , but , again , he did not have excessive complaints .
despite this , it is intended to begin a wide range of antibiotic treatment , covering all these threats .
however , it was not felt that he could come to grips with a serious infection .
Traumace doctors had not given antibiotics to him .
a doctor had the opportunity to drag out with the manure of antibiotics and simply to monitor and wait , but if the patient had to have one of the infection that he had read would even have a couple of hours a delay to death by a few hours .
the situation was made even more complicated by the fact that the patient thought he had allergic to a penny line , although he did not remember what happened when he took it .
this created the risk and benefit from the shift of relationship .
the decision normally with low contributions as to whether or not to start an antibiotic treatment will change if its consequences may be so dangerous .
he asked my fellow Member , the second resident , to assess the patient .
Mr Girard did not say to my colleague that he was proposing an antibiotic cure ; he has simply asked to review the patient and make a suggestion .
my fellow Member met with the patient and agreed .
although he saw good , he would be virtually defenceless in the case of infection .
the doctor should give antibiotics to the patient .
since the patient has had an allergy on the penal line , Mr Girard should allow her to test in order to check whether he is tolerating a drug that is not penal , but a close relatives .
Mr Girard asked me to mang a theatch .
if he had a serious response to the medicine , he would have got a blow or his blood pressure would have gone .
neither has happened .
that is why he was given a holistic doot .
a few hours later , Mr Girard was given a speech .
the body temperature of the patient has risen to 39 degrees .
he hastened to take a look at the patient .
a patient &apos;s face on the doorstep by the air cell and the woke were the Roma .
although he seemed to be uncomfortable , his heart and bloodshed were all well in his hearts and with blood pressure .
thank you very much to the happiness that he had given antibiotics to the patient .
he asked to manifest yet another doose Tynoli and , if he had to review the patient for the last time , that he was deeply sophisticated .
the fever was retreating .
Higine kumbs and the Roma parts were missing .
next evening , when Mr Girard was on his heels in an envelope of Girard , the first thing that he went to the patient .
he had also received five other patients , but for the sake of this patient Mr Girard was most concerned at the Girard , after his day crew , he was most concerned .
during those hours he did not see him , the laboratory had increased his bloody organism .
it was still too early to say what this is all about .
what was clear , however , was that it is a bacteria that is strong enough to quickly grow up , and that it is not the case of Staphylococcus aucus or a bongy disease .
the list of other options was long , and none of them could actually see fit .
it took another two days before they finally managed to identify the bacterium .
it was an additional acid .
Mr Girard , like anyone else who looked after the patient was surprised .
as a doctor , you look at the plaintiff of diseases .
for Girardi , an additional disease is a disease that is obtained from the unpacked milk and soft cheese , and which causes birth , constinacy and diarrhoea .
he worked through further material on this extraordinary infection and found that , although the ordinary immune system was able to experience these symptoms , they would normally recover quickly as a patient colleague .
however , in the case of pregnant women , parents and the damaged immune systems , the infection may be unleashed outside the ragbam - sometimes without showing the usual symptoms - and enter the bloodshed .
it could spread across the body as a pocket .
this type of infection , which is called on to be a invasive surpluses , may result in a death of up to 30 % of the cases of death .
indeed , although this is not as a bower , the additional plant can be as deadly as it is .
early antibiotic treatment can save life .
when it comes to a food transmission disease , what food did the bacteria ?
while a patient and his colleague were not in the process of a journey for unrestrained milk , nor was his colleague who had consumed soft cheese , the online search , this summer , identified an additional outbreak in Scotland , linked to smokered beef .
neither of these has had smokered beef feeds , but they are a little smokered gap .
exactly where they were repeating the bacteria , was turned into secret .
when the doctor of the doctors had learned what the patient was wrong , they were able to adapt antibiotics .
his three-week cure ended in July .
doctors advised him to take it calmly until the end of the summer , but now he feels quite well and has returned to museum and his beloved work .
Pakistan &apos;s prices of India will not be able to seek refuge in India .
70 years after the two-state separation , the biggest population migration that began with the separation of the two countries , the price of the biggest population of the population is still going to India .
tens of thousands of people on the border of two countries expect tens of thousands of people on the border of two countries , who do not even have a legal right to work in India .
so many have no choice but to boil down illegal habitats from illegal habitats from illegal habitats - the Indian authorities , on the other hand , are watching the movements of those who arrive very closely at the border .
the majority of Pakistan will not be able to expect such reception .
there is no work , there is no house , no money , no guilt .
there , we worked in generations , we were a beacon .
here , however , a stone is being forced into subsistence to earn a living &apos; , an 81-year-old Jogiss , of an 81-year-old Jogta .
for us , no division is over .
they are still trying to return to their country .
and when they come here they do not have anything &apos; , an elderly man living near the city of Jodheli .
after India &apos;s independence from British colonial powers in 1947 , over 15 million people lost their homes in 1947 .
separation caused a wave of violence from months to violence , in which at least one million people lost their lives due to religious hatred .
in the middle of a bloody chaos , prices and Sikhs emerged from Pakistan , Muslims moved in the opposite direction .
despite emigration , Pakistan is still one of the numerous minority groups in Pakistan .
according to various estimates , they account for around 1.6 % of the country &apos;s population of 200 million .
many of them complain of constant discrimination and fear of abduction , rape and forced marriages .
the persecution started soon after partition &apos; , in Jogda , who had a family only a few months before two countries &apos; divergence to drought in the areas of Pakistan .
it was not the day that we could have lived in peace .
I wanted to come back to live in the middle of our prices .
the Indian Prime Minister , Narendra &apos;s national government , has said that it wants to make asylum without those who are persecuted for religious reasons in India .
last year , the government started to allow immigrants to apply their citizenship in their own place , in the past , all the costs via the central government .
the prices which have relocated from Pakistan to India will open up after seven years of residence in a country after seven years of residence .
however , due to bureaucratic delays , this process is often more time-consuming .
the 64-year-old Khaninji , of 64 years , left Pakistan in 1997 and received Indian citizenship in 2005 .
he said , however , many have abandoned and returned to Pakistan because they see that they are not waiting for a good life in India .
the government offers no support .
we are like the livestock of the cattle without the owner .
we are simply trying to survive on their own right &apos; , let Khanarmin .
however , even worse than that of poverty , there is the scepticism of the authorities .
those who do not have citizenship have to suffer harassment from intelligence agencies .
they are systematically treated as agents of the suspect and Pakistani agents &apos; , explained it .
Singh Sodhk on helping us to help the Hindi Sodha who laid down the charity organisation which came to power in 2014 , but he has now been deceived .
under the government of Mod , tensions between India and Pakistan have increased and , as a result , the migrants are suffering the most .
&apos;their life becomes a hell &apos; , a word of word , Sdhale .
for many , however , this treatment is better than that of life in Pakistan .
Kroji came to India two years ago , with two adult boys to India two years ago because he had started to face death threats from their Pakistanis to death .
in order to save our life , we had to flee India &apos; , a between 65 and year-old Horoji , the grandparents had come from the present Indian territories , but found themselves in the wrong half of the border in the country .
my grandfather is in the area of work to the other .
but he told us that we were at the right moment to move to India , because it was an idea that the future could become a threat to prices .
on Monday , it was the last chance to offer a very good name to the ninasykery at the beginning of June .
animal diseases now have a large box of boxes to be revised in order to find the right thing to proclaim the animal &apos;s birthday , to solemnly proclaim the animal &apos;s birthday , to solemnly proclaim on 25 August .
however , the name can still be given to the remittancy days .
from the start of August , a whole of the ninasylum-belt can be taken in parallel with the horrors .
and while the father Kiguredly gets around the cleaning around the clock and the hails of sons , the mother Kibibi will not allow her to be disturbed by the mother Kibibi , yet it is worth learning lessons .
although the birthyan desert has passed , on 1 August , two homes were found to him on 1 August .
on the Kullihill , on the Cullitre , on the Cullitre , on the day of the day .
in Thailand , the outcry of their hive , the descent of their hive started .
on Thursday there was another View Larvian on Thursday .
a large number of good assistants were being locked up by the great horror of a new cameline , the great horror of the mother tongue , and an elephant in the eye .
in order not to disrupt them , Fien and Draay once again spent time in the Carl Carl .
on 9 August , the second classroom in the Aah , there will be a stempetitions from the Aavo .
it can be remembered that animals can be replanted by ninastravies and naarians in Kruuse and other seatty metals .
the proceeds of the sale of labour goes to support this type of classification .
on last week , at the tich of last week , more than EUR 1 000 was collected on charity .
Mr Kürk : Mr Putin , for a whole year , so there would not be a holiday .
I was , of course , personally responsible for the fact that this leave was not cleared .
I , too , was somewhat necessary to have an employee but , at the same time , I think the only one who has been irreplaceable .
for ourselves , the blame is that the lollax conscientious to my breed .
the quote from this House at the beginning of this Chamber is good for the fact that it is completely true .
this was the case , the new agency , with which I started the same year in March , called for a lot of work , but something in the job of this job was so much better to me in order to have a completely new life in three months .
there is a summer , a period of summer , of holidays .
it is time to make new-year-on-year pledges to see what has happened in life and in what direction the whole thing is hanging .
&apos;What is the Christmas and the year : &apos; now , a few decent citizens are now dismissing .
perhaps it is , but we all know from our own experience that Christmas is not fit for thinking and setting targets .
well , I am speaking only for myself - I will not be able to make any changes at the time of the year .
that is too difficult to my mind .
of course , at Christmas time there are happiness and joy : I like knowledge of the fatty victory that is starting , I like Christmas , and also Jesus had every sympathy with gloomy attitudes , a revolutionary attitude .
despite this , I am , in most cases , very tired , and sometimes stressed , - for the sake of the darkness that has already occurred .
yes , I do a lot of work when living on holiday , perhaps even more than I would be at the slaughterhouse in the slaughterhouse , and I have consistently got out of hand .
most of all , in the run-up to Christmas , I have run in the run-up to Christmas - gifts , at least four Christmas pives , a slightly higher workload at work ...
if you take into account the unstoppable social pressure in the face of the unstoppable social pressure and peace , the difficulties of the Christmas period are evident .
however , a people who are desperate and tired of will be unable to make good decisions , let alone improve them .
such things have to be made with a more or less clear head .
a tired person is perhaps throwing into an empty and resounding commitment that , when it comes to laying the foundations for the future , something like the purchase of a lottery ticket .
a commitment , which is intended to change anything , should be calmly thought through , it should be a plan .
the plan , in contrast to the promise , also contains a code of practice and does not go to a few or a few setbacks following an attempt .
that is why I am saying that the best time for breaking promises is now in the summer .
it is simply a calmer to break out and to the arms , why it is as much as it is ( if it is .
if you do not oblige yourself to be allowed to be rocked off during a period of leave , then you will have to find a few weeks in order to find their lives into a place that deserves to be encroached , and to find out exactly how it can be done .
I consider it important to live as far as possible that there is no need for a holiday , not once a year .
so that leave is an additional audit , not a boxine for survival , where the boxes are to be loaded so much so as to be able to withstand the next year in any way .
I would like to make a promise of at least one simple woke - if you have to rise at a certain time at a certain time , you will be able to go to sleep in good time next morning .
I believe that , if one in 10 to hear my suggestion , I think that life would be considerably improved in Estonia .
I myself intend to go to my own advice .
such attempts to knife the people of this kind .
it would be a very good thing if you could think further and draw conclusions .
the recommendation for a little more time to spend a little more time to be spent on the background of the deliberate background .
more generally , however , everyone can have a strategy that he shares about itself in the social media .
at national level , however , we need to ask whether officials and politicians are sufficiently aware of the threats to the social media .
the life expectancy of people created under controlled conditions ended in summer school , but it is certainly not the business of the guilt .
the fourth Estonian people got a breath in Finland .
together with the Finnish media , along with Finnish media , who took part in the section of the Finnish media ( PERH ) , the Hünter Temk , a cardiokura , Gür Temk , has estimated that the post-operational period has been carried out .
it is very difficult to say how long the patient had been able to live with the new heart &apos; , spoke of the Pleder .
according to doctors , the world has now been living in a breath for a maximum of eight years in the world .
the man himself is recovering and is not prepared to talk about it .
he was diagnosed with the heart of the first two years ago , and the disease was already at the end stage , was at the end stage .
&apos;for that sick , transplantation was the only option &apos; , added to Thailand .
in the words of the Cardicikura , patients no longer had any windows accompanied by a carrol after a transplant .
it will have only a rock and woke of immunity .
a patient can make sport and live in general as the ordinary person &apos; , she spoken .
the first year is the most dangerous one .
in writing . - ( NL ) Mr President , in the words that full recovery will take three to six months .
according to both doctors , the patient must regularly monitor the introduction of a regular number ; at the same time , the medicines have side-effects .
in addition , the patient must get in check to avoid a structural response from the donor .
the most dangerous is the first year , but the ISHLT , the International Society for Health and Education , live in excess of 50 % of patients for more than 10 years .
I said that in Helsinki , the results are better and the longest for the rest have been lived with a transplant for 25 years .
the Cardiosurasurge explained that , because of the disease , the patient &apos;s blood belder was poisoned for a year ago , which helped to go to the operation .
when the emphasis on the philosopher fell , he became an appropriate candidate for transplantation .
the plant operation is not considered a very difficult section , according to the Timk : it is very important that the right timing is very important .
it was a lot more to get the grip , and then get up to heart if a new heart is put in &apos; it was spoken .
in addition , the cardiasursursurge of the operation expelled from the blood of blood , as a complicated part of the operation .
rather , he says that it can be considered a branch , as he says it is the least in need of it .
much more is being done about kidney , liver and lung transplants .
it is still an expropriation with the rare section , but for many years we have been accustomed to this work for many years .
learning myself and my nervous system is one of the art of this office &apos; , including Thailand .
there are four more people in need of this body .
it was said that you had the heart of the patient because none of the other patients who live in the Scandiatnant in the Community of Scandiatu .
the Scandiatration is an organisation of the organisation of the organisation of the organisation of the organisation of organs , of which there are members of Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Sweden and Estonia .
there are four more people on the voting list in Estonia .
&apos;they are , after all , unauthorised patients &apos; , stressed the Pleder .
for the rest , the Tim says that it is the fodder to a positive hake of water , large men .
&apos;Lo in Finland has been around half a year &apos; , said it .
there are also a share of the conditions to get a heart .
&apos;usual does not fit a woman &apos;s heart man , the heart of a great man , and so on &apos; , the fur of the kuss of a woman , and so on &apos; .
good fertilisers are not a lot to look for : from 7 to 12 August , Tartu district will take place directly at the site of the Car , the film festival , the film festival , the film festival .
it makes this special focus on love filters .
the programme also contains films which , in favour of love , sees both the new urban works and the old good class .
a number of special events in many places make a week from the university in a university .
all the fts are free of visitors , there are places of up to 1 500 , and this year , an area unfolded in front of the screens , which will create a temporarily joy for the city &apos;s centre .
in Europe &apos;s largest outcillor in Switzerland , 8 000 visitors will join the film at the same time .
the heart of the Locharno film festival will be the middle of Piazza Grande , the middle of Piazza Grande , the Grand Ak .
in the light of festival , there are many of the frontens under the festival , which are subject to recognised directors and departments .
as we arrive at the legal emergency , one film will have to be refinanced by a payment ceiling of EUR 15 to EUR 20 .
Pula film festival in Roymia , Croatia , Croatia
the Gladiatas , the blood , a horrendous crowd of a crowd , but an avenue was opened up 2 000 years ago in Croatia in the Pula amfitor , where we are now enjoying an international treet .
for the first time , an outward coop was put forward in the Roman house in 1953 , which makes the Pula film festival in one of the oldest militias in Europe .
under the guise , the good films have enjoyed the good films enjoyed by Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor , John Malkovich and Ben Kingsley .
the price is symbolic : the air with the quality of films in the air Mediterranean , means an outgoing out of EUR 3 .
Secat Montjisccino , Spain , Spain
this film offers an inflexible view of the Salay Montjisccinogio .
it is , in fact , at the nightmare of MontJuly , that is to say the Jews &apos; mountains .
in the wake of southern Europe , a fortress seems to be a win-win situation throughout Barcelona , which is something of a siege value on its own .
the proprietors present in the White House to July a great screen , where the well-known film &apos; from the La La Let &apos; until 1979 &apos; to Manhattanin &apos; .
at the same time , a giant is up to EUR 2 500 , and there will be EUR 6.50 for access .
the ticket price also includes an open-air group , just before the film which is allowed to enjoy alongside their length of order .
who do not want to sit down or have forgotten the long term , the three euro could be borrowed for EUR 3 .
under cineo , Italy , Italy
a veritable nostalgic Italy &apos;s soul can experience in the Bologna middle where the legacy of the local filil-archive that has been reconstituted by the local film archives .
a 3000-5 000 people are on the sidelines of the tenth largest church , San Petronio , a 3000-5 000 people are going to be able to take a look at the 3000-5 000 people .
at the 15th century enlightenment in northern Italy , together with the heat of the summer evening and with a good guise , create a romantic atmosphere in which every ferry of the bottom .
from 19 June to 15 August , a further film in the front of the audience every evening , all the more so free .
the Bologna festival of the Bologna film archive &apos; under the heading &apos; .
Vienna , flash festival of the Vienna rade , Austria ,
it is an expression of the musical festival of the music world , and even the film : the film festival on the site of the Austrian capital by Wiener Rathman , the film festival planned by Wiener Rathman , the film festival planned .
EUR 5 000 for unpaid seats will be filled from 30 June to 3 September , as a panacea .
apart from the classical music cell - Placido Domingo and Vienna Filtic groups - offers a festival in the morning morning .
it makes the love of good food for good food in Vienna - as well as world-class music can be enjoyed by the best restaurant rockets .
every day from 11 to midnight , food and drinking space are open to the ruins of Austria , as well as haulage Asia , Greece , Italy , Mexico and India every day .
the comparison of Spulnere packages : a comparison of the Ecolabel tickets from the Ecolabel tickets from the Ecolabel tickets .
the consumer performance of the Hungarian plant was compared with the more favourable packages offered by the slums for one night from 11-12 August .
&apos;Spaahotels have a different level and service choice , so one of the comparison of the price is very difficult to do so &apos; , the command manager of the So Tourt , the head of sale of Stant Spa Tourt .
it turns out that , compared with the possibilities for accommodation , it turns out that the cost of the most favourable packages is several times , and the options are to be found for a more demanding customer , as well as more modest ones .
for example , if a passenger alone for the passenger , for EUR 51 , in the Veneus Spa Dal in the Veline Spa Unit in the Veline Spa , the house of buffer and the unrestrained use of the islands , then while those who visit a passenger &apos;s head to the bottom of the package , the price of a single person will be subject to a price of EUR 287 per person .
it contains the accommodation of Double Desixe in the category of Double , a breakfast from the restaurant , the restaurant of the restaurant , as well as the &apos; semi-old &apos; package .
in the guise and comparison with different packages , consideration should be given to the fact that , in order to obtain the most favourable prices , holiday should go with a friend or with composure , because two dozen downs must be made more favourable than just a few .
however , if there is a desire alone , it will be offered to a visitors in this case , as well as in the case of a special , in accordance with the special one-figure rooms , as well as for the additional fee .
if , in general , the passenger who has to be paid is simply to pay a few tens of euros per premium alone , then by making compromises , it is also possible to find more favourable options .
for example , the FRA Thalasso Spas , the FRA Thalasso Spas , the package will cost EUR 86 at night by night , but , if you wish , there will also be a more favourable option in the dual dozen , provided that , in the event of a spatial shortage , no one will be accommodated .
in this case , the package will have to be assessed at EUR 58 .
it is worth being flexible in order to get a positive line .
the prices of packages are dynamic , in other words , depend on the last day and the uptake of the week .
in the case of the most favourable package , prices may vary from EUR 112 to EUR 248 &apos; , the Thalk Vel of Spaapotelli , who was based on Tink , explained their price policy .
he also drew attention to the fact that in these hotels , the price is changing , depending on the uptake , and added that , in general , the customer can obtain a favourable price , booking directly their home lets or ask myself .
as the summer period is most rapid , it is worth planning a holiday in good time in order to avoid a situation where the desired place has been sold .
for example , in the case of the comparison of packages , both in the Pärt , as well as Strand Spa and conference hotel only only scites , as well as the sale of the Gulf of Vihedes has been sold .
the opportunities to spend loose leave do not have to go a long way : almost every major city of Estonia will find one or even many slips .
however , it is worth examining a few major events before purchasing the package , and at the same time , there are no major events in the vicinity , because it puts prices straight away .
for example , from 11 to 13 August , there are the events of the White Jami , for example .
at the time , there is a lot of tourists in Haiti , demand for accommodation sites is very high and we have the prices of major events at that time .
&apos;so , at that time , we have no accommodation at a preferential rate or a favourable packages &apos; , commented on the magic hotel , President Irene .
&apos;What the American is going to say &apos; black tide &apos; .
I have , of course , heard about &apos; ships &apos; .
who would not be ?
after all , on several occasions , there is a number of times in Tallinna and Helsinki .
that is nothing special .
the Swiss company Supelt brought the first &apos; light shop &apos; , Freccia d &apos; Oro or Kuldse &apos; Oro or Kuldt in 1952 .
technology was already in place earlier , but at the moment , I have before me the foundations of a wind .
Mrs Katamarau is , but still dilute .
what does this count on the flotilla ?
let us save ourselves , however , ( it is not difficult to find it ) and to breathe the concept of &apos; phasing &apos; is easy to look at the concept of &apos; phasing &apos; .
why are airlines going on the air ?
the example of the left is that , if a plane is on a huge scale , the air , with a different speed , a different speed with the difference between the facts of the spots , at one point , it exceeds the aircraft in the air and it is pushing the air in the air .
the same process is actually taking place in water .
this is the right way to take the right track , it is an increase which , as a matter of fact , is creating an increase in a &apos; overarching &apos; basis .
a simple thing ?
it is difficult to come to the figures .
a plane needs a minimum of 150-kilometre hours per hour to rise , a piece of between 150 and 250 per hour , a world record of sailants is now &apos; no &apos; at 121.1 km / h .
however , let us not bow secondary school into physical school !
today I have taken a look at the &apos; sleeping &apos; Catalan which bears the name of the NACRAF20 Carbon Fon .
the NACRA will come from the headlines on the headlines in North-American Racbi Racing Association .
FCS is a meagre per Flight Control System .
this is a system that allows the team to set the foundations in the middle of &apos; flight &apos; , and 20 out of the drunk in the jungle .
as soon as the Catalan has been released , it is clear that this is not a gentleman &apos;s Pymärtio .
Dr Monokus and Captain Sofficial were today to the roof .
the Bip and the glasses did not get on board .
that is my harness here .
that is Kius in Cuba .
&apos;Let is a cynick ? &apos; I am asking you to the dash .
yes , all of this is a carbon stone .
&apos;To beyond the dash ? &apos; I really do not understand .
&apos;No , no , the entire sin &apos; , is a brief answer .
170 kilos - our three of us who are going on , are certainly going on , we will certainly consider more than 170 kilos .
I am comparing everything from the washing of the air to cars , and it is not something that is going on here - the NACRA 520 , like the sink of the street .
Pagani Zonda or Ferrari , or Ferrari FXX .
the construction of one specific objective - to drive well-and quickly under controlled circumstances .
it is also a stark of the security equipment that has to be confused before going to the sea must be dismayed .
a water suit , the arbies , the intermediate points , the tanks , rockets , rockets , a special rescue , a chip .
in urban equipment , there is a feeling that the oxygen balloon is in addition and as well as to the sea , the Marssi can also be allowed to colonise the Marssi .
&apos;That is a great likelihood of going around ? &apos; I ask a funny tone .
&apos;Yes &apos; , the short answer is the short answer .
&apos;You have done a lot of things ? &apos; Sonden to the surface .
it is clear - it cannot be a bit of a joke .
I would like to assure you of the seat-belt .
this Situtostricy also emphasises the fact that Nacra fpe will need to escape the seas and , in a minimum , two team team to get access to the sea .
as much as three , so there is not much room for manoeuvre .
I will come up to why this is not a holy chorimir .
the Australian kitchen : Skirting to schooling .
as an indigenous measure from the abolitionist camp , the kitle Australian kitchen and orchrumemeat .
Britain , too , has had a great impact on the food table there - for example , doln , the wind meals that are fatched together with the boy or the Greek , is reminiscent of the British Marmiver .
mea , that is , the poulded metaborots , which are offered by chicken potatoes and boxes , come from the British .
also , of the UK &apos;s origin , BBQ Snags , the UK &apos;s descent grilla , the British , but rather greedy .
one of the local levels of desperation is Pavlova beet , even though it is also called &apos; new-navies &apos; .
from Magusa will still love the Club and caxic cabinet with chhorts , Anzach , and school chocolate with cocoshy jet .
Honey Joy , the joke of the joy is being called meter maxim .
Stephanie , Stephanie Alexander and his life , the home home of Look , which is at least half a million in Australian home ; / Blake Storey , Prie Creatve Media .
in the autumn of this year , Stephanie , marks its 77th birthday .
his father was a national official and Mary loved the food of his mother .
Stephanie learned a library at universities and , as the Australian young people went customary , he went after study to Europe after study .
in France , Stephanie , travelling by Stephanie , is only an obsession and developed .
in London , however , he met his first spouse , the Jamaica roots , with the roots of Jamaica , with the roots of Jamica , with whom they went back to Australia in 1964 .
a ten years later the marriage broke down and the restaurant closed the doors .
in 1976 , he has already opened up to a restaurant of Stephanie , a restaurant of Stephanie , which was one of the most 21 years on the table .
restaurants are still being talked about as the first Fine din in the place of the Fine din , where there was a Fine din , which really did not value the value of fresh raw materials and offered seasonal food - a fact that now seems to be an aabyitr truth , but at no one at all at the end of the last century .
following a retreat from the restaurant in 1997 , Stephanie has been concentrated on the writing of the chambers , 15 of his closure .
in Estonia , there are productivity signatories , but in his case no one of the books has simply been a prescription .
in Australia &apos;s home chemistry , Mr Stephanie Aphane Aleanie has been irreplaceable .
in my life , however , the fifth cookies , the supreme Cook &apos; The Cook - The Cook - The Cook - The Cook - &apos; Ly &apos;s compliant &apos; ) , which is now at least half a million in Australia &apos;s home .
the book was in 1996 , for the first time in 1996 , an improved publication in 2004 and the latest version in 2014 .
in my library , that is exactly what it is going to do in 2004 , because , in the journal book , about a thousand of the recipe for 1126 pages .
the latest option , however , is even more extensive .
Stephane Aleaner Aleaner : &apos; the Cook , &apos; Companion &apos; - is at least half a million in Australia &apos;s home .
it is a true cocktail Bible , where , as well as the purchase and storage of various raw materials , the technologies for making food are being introduced and making recommendations for the purchase of vegetables water .
food is in a stamp order , as well as a number of cross-references - obviously no library education does not go beyond the aspects of the library education .
Stephanie emphasises that it was this book that changed his life and gave a new direction to the future .
as a result of its popularity , the feeling that it has something to give people , five to the design of the next great , pig , which , under our circumstances , are comparable with schooling .
RASMUS Mäg : preparation has not gone as though I saw in my mind .
it is not all the things that have been the case , as I did in mind &apos; , spoke about the training that preceded Mour MM .
on the final Saturday , there are important points that show how the body is exactly .
and the competition will show that anyway , what we are analysing here .
on this day , I believe that my preparation has been of a high quality , both this year and in previous years , and so on all this , it is possible to run normally .
with something special , the premise of the time 13.05 , according to the time of Estonia , has not yet been dealt with in the past , after the home Championships .
in recent weeks , we often have a lot of traineeships .
in Verswhere , I should and could be very useful that the last MMS week was a little bit easier .
the coming days are going on to physical physicians : yesterday , the barrier to a warmer trend today is doing a warmer trend .
in his mental preparation , however , he does not want to be very arrogant : &apos; I have had a long routine of our own routine .
there is a lot of silence and peace , and some routine music will not let their own deserts .
I do not need to look at some of the motivating videos or to read the teaching books , but to be present here and at this moment to assess the possibility that athletes have come together in order to compare their abilities at one location .
this , in itself , is creating a distinction .
the mood is , of course , for every athletics of the year , and , in that case , each of the previous launch has also been taken in the Tauantall , has also taken a test - an attempt to have been compared with some of the controversies .
there will no longer be any chance to experimental competition .
&apos;The aim here is simply to run quickly &apos; , talks about &apos; , but adds that , if a pre-drink and a potentially semi-final , will be able to make even a percentage or a couple of energy , they will certainly help with the next drink .
for the first time , the Middle East is going to the election of a party leader and an ideological foundation .
so far , we said in the Middle East and we have said the Sathrow , or vice versa .
it is now up to the Middle East to find the way .
in doing so , they also need to ruin the pathogens , at times from criminal and embarrassing past , SPlumis &apos;s party supporters and expectations of the electorate .
the dissignation of Satelliis is in the most difficult situation of the centre in ideological terms .
on the basis of political practice and ideology to date , it can be said that it is playing the old ninaskavik .
a number of cards , which previously affects the effects as instruments , may not materialise this time .
Populismäard is not working for the centre , because Saandar can always be allowed more than the Prime Minister &apos;s party .
the Russian card is being breached on the Russian card , both in terms of the government &apos;s position , but also because here , too , we can see how the so-called Savova electoral union is sinking down the gas .
the victim &apos;s card is already in the pockets of Satellite as a result of the ongoing judicial process .
for the centre , an offensive of an offensive of the Rahvine and the poor , has also disappeared .
the first of these is its unvaluable and the other more intensive is blocking the coalition partner in the government .
however , one card may be even more important .
all the last elections have confirmed that it is the parties that are able to formulate the main electoral festival and then put it into practice .
the subjugation of the main elements of the subjugation of Spotgis .
if some parties should be able to breathe life into a well-functioning opposition to life is once again one of the trumps of the Crisis has yet to be found .
what , then , will you be in the Middle East ?
a strong party apparatus and a significant resource are there .
we must also have enough room in the run-up to the elections .
the stigmatisation of self-advertisement with taxpayers &apos; money has now , hopefully , been repaid out by the majority of the taxpayers &apos; money .
in Tallinna , there is only yet , but the cultivation of a party &apos;s private guerrillas has been left there .
in addition , the party has a void of vote .
their role will be to be brought out this time , because the image of a power party is not enough to motivate the electorate in a meaningful way .
in an ideological context , Mr Ratas must find its way , because the journey ended with the save poll in this week .
the talent in Ptoute Weeil : drunken man on a foreign car to go to a foreign car .
yesterday at night three of the day at night , the police officers were able to become a bit of a challenge .
in particular , a single head of the Audi made it known that Port Arturat is in a tanker who is taking place in the tank of Port Arturat .
patrols in response to a event was found in patrols by a man who , in the arrival of his exorbitant leaders , took on a hake .
it was , in fact , the man had tired his journey and found a place in the back seat of the car of an alien man .
&apos;My after the dismissal of the dismissals in his own way &apos; , describes the Western priest Facebook .
end a good thing , all good !
video : the Left has already created a new club for a new club .
she was already at a time of ninth minutes from Wrocław Slask was left in the home bate , but he was able to pass 20 minutes later .
there was a great opportunity to secure the first victory for the Piasle in Piasle .
four minutes before the normacy supplements were built up the parasi-protection against the penal .
the match ended 1 : 1 bigh .
in the four rounds , two rounds have gathered in four rounds and is on the last 15 in a classification table .
the most stupid questions to be put to the bar .
from Huffington Pos , the bar Post is going to get out the bar &apos;s ears that they do not want to hear .
what drink best you can do ?
in some drinks , there are indeed more ingredients than the other , but they require the same skills and skills to prepare them .
they often interpret this matter as &apos; What is the easiest / speed at the moment ? &apos; , which gives them an indication that the customer does not know what he or she drinks to make it a bar difficult or not .
what sort of drink is you most keen to close ?
this question is being interpreted in the same way that what kind of dog would be the best way out of the bar at the moment .
it is not the case to say that , but it is the customer who makes decisions on the basis of their wallets .
rather , the basic elements would be waiting for the question of whether there are any specific offers at present .
what is a good offer here ?
perhaps there is a genuine desire to know whether the bar is privatised with any offers from others , but it could also be asked otherwise .
nor can bar out what the customer could even give priority to .
could I get a drink that would not be a very taste ?
here , like the previous rule , the bar &apos;s taste is not aware of the tastes and the preferences that I am thinking of , and which is in one respect , may not be for the others .
however , it is ready to listen to what magic desirable cows might be included .
does this drink gives me a headache / pop ?
in the face of Bapse , there is no media or a forecast to know that the customer is to be told the customer .
the police are searching for the head map of Estonia .
Europol drives the Tallinna at the Tallinna at the Tallinna .
the Russian citizen Ernest Gammer , who stayed the Tallinna Ballinna , in the Tallinna Ballinna , in 2010 , gave rise to the list of what Europe is seeking the most .
the Belgian authorities were already aware of the arrival of eggs in June in June .
&apos;Let us have known at the beginning of June possible problems with a fid-train &apos; , the Belgian spokesman , Katrien Stragier , who is responsible for food security in Belgium , Mr Stragier , who is responsible for food security .
we started an investigation without delay and we have also talked about the Public Prosecutor &apos;s Office , because it could be fraud .
it then became a secret of the inquiry .
we understand that people have health issues and we are trying to respond to them &apos; , in the annex of Stagier .
the news agency AFP attempted in recent days to receive information from the prosecutors in recent days , but it did not talk about anything , because an investigative referee has refused information .
the Canamens have been removed as a precautionary measure as a precautionary measure until the results of the analyses are clear .
in the Netherlands and Germany , millions of Dutch eggs have been removed .
the German Minister for Agriculture , Christian Schmidt , has invited the Dutch and Belgian authorities to clarify the matter quickly .
&apos;Who has obviously polluted eggs in a criminal manner with banned products that were banned in a criminal manner &apos; , told Schmidt to the German newspaper , Bild .
according to data from the Estonian Archand Food Authority ( VTA ) , according to the data on the Netherlands , that has been produced from pesticides produced in the Netherlands .
&apos;The Dutch money in Estonia , according to our data , the Dutch spokesman , Martin Alwiand BNS .
he added that there are also other products produced from Dutch eggs in Estonia .
according to the statistical office , over the past 10 years , the Netherlands has not been imported from the Netherlands over the last 10 years .
most recently , in Estonia , they were the Netherlands in 2006 .
the Dutch authorities are suspicious that pesticides on the phill ended up in the chicken by the Dutch company Chickfrim following an attempt to cure their treatment .
the reports of the Dutch and Belgian media that the body containing pesticides has yet to be confirmed by Chickfrin through a Belgian company has yet to be confirmed .
in larger quantities , the World Health Organisation has a moderately dangerous dangerous and may have a negative impact on people , in particular , children , kidnappers , pay and chemists .
how can we stop being affected when you are trying to get a child ?
therefore , it is very important to stop the stone bubble even when you are trying to create a new life .
Mr First gives advice how to do so in such a way that it does not seem to be a kind of commitment .
do not take this as an obligation to do so .
this could happen to any couples who is trying to contradict pregnancy .
sometimes contraception could take years for years .
it takes on the coffin of orders , the spontaneous and romantic .
try to be spontaneous !
women often feel that it is not possible to comprehend the &apos; ordinary &apos; sex at the end of the cycle , when it is known that there will be no positive outcome .
it is causing tensions , which , in turn , lead to a reduction in the sex , and less of it means , of course , the possibility of contraception .
the men feel , however , that they must be able to &apos; take &apos; , if they are required to do so .
if you know your fertile days , it can be on your side &apos;s side in order to plan any more expensive romantic .
be it a special dinner for this , or just to spend time - enjoy one another !
this fruitful period will be taken into account .
from the point of view of a lot , there is no point if the theatrication has taken place , but in order for you to see a few of you in the days of non-fertile days .
while there is no evidence that contraception would be more robust , and the woman &apos;s orchasm can , however , forget that .
I am almost aware that every couple of people are different .
everyone can do so differently with the bet of belt .
some men want to know a woman &apos;s cycle and others prefer not to know that they do not feel the pressure to take &apos; to demand &apos; .
no one will know the other yourself better , how best best suits you .
find your solution !
studies have shown that a higher degree of success is in the couples who are involved every few days , but not every one or two are unable to keep such density .
the most important thing is to find a pattern that best suits you for a few .
10 underground advertising labelling , with which the appearance of food makes the appearance of the appearance of food .
because a lot of foods are hard to photographed , the picture will be used in a completely different ingredient that defends people - for example , a chicken instead of milk , instead of a limb instead of ice .
the YouTube heel on the YouTube , the YouTube , makes an overview of which tricks are quite common in the advertising world .
if someone is opening up a pop in a pop , or it is taking away a few of it out of it , a number of a few aurts are thrown out of it .
in reality , you are going to take a longer and , throughout this period , the food is not aursed , because the honourable is coming from a high water content which is not , for example , in the case of products .
that is why there is a package or a cotton league found in the water spilled by food , which will be able to absorb and maintain their water in the water .
in close proximity to this heat , they will be rewarding much longer than Mr Burger or boy , and the product has come from fresh ground .
the Cartuider is a great abyss , because it will not be melting or heat in the hands of light or heat , nor does it make a significant difference in the context of the context of a number of other food .
for example , a school may be with a poet instead of the example of ice ice , or the potato of ice ice , instead of the example of ice ice ice .
the bizarre colours and discomediatory elements , and the consumer has once again been buried .
the Liim is replacing milk .
it is not easy to look at milk , because it might not be so kind out of it at all .
foodstuffs on milk also quickly become lynights within it as a matter of urgency .
because , for example , the morning &apos;s or molewl , for example , milk has to be seen in Capts and carrots , which is not going through any breath .
when restaurants can make a great deal of effort to make meat preparation so that the result is meanine and stupid right , then in advertisements .
however , the meat that has been presented in advertising is particularly attractive , as has come directly from grilla .
often , however , it is prepared for snapts or greed , and pulling the meat grixon with a giant .
it is just as difficult to work with the ice content , because it tends to melting .
fortunately , there is a product that is out-of-touch almost identical to the appearance - the habeacymanship .
it may , therefore , be on advertising , or on marches , or within milk cocktail .
even on the surface of the school fruit sold in the shops may be an axe layer , which makes their appearance very remote .
for the fodder , however , it is not enough , and the threshold for fruit is being sprayed to the deodorant .
yes , however , it is not just the fotogenic , because they are going to get liquids or , for example , dispense with water .
here , however , it is coming to the aid of a kind of privately coloured colours and a more permanent practice will make it possible to make an attractive father .
these images are likely to be used as well , where neaky chocolate is flowing on a school or on ice .
when notorious advertisements have been advertised with an ideal cross-section where the relationship between the biskens and downs is perfect , there have apparently been some additional layer or bullying .
this is because you can break out of school in the catalogue may be dispersed , and the picture could be breached .
once a paragraph has been cut , it would like to give a dozen of the impression and spraying them with a supplementary , it leaves a visual example of a lot .
a cart and a kitchen will also be used within the burgger , so that all the ingredients there are in place , so that they are in a beautiful position .
that is why we are not going to see like advertising on the table .
I have the paper as an adrift chicken .
in advertising the greed can see a meal out of the glasses , but it may not even be prepared to mature .
to get the impression of today , the chicken is being put on the chicken by the chicken , if necessary , with the potato of potatoes , and then the chicken is simply being sprayed on the colour of the brown .
it is particularly the case in American advertisements that are weathering , particularly in American advertisements , because this picture is creating a big appetite for people .
in fact , the code permeates a transplant quickly in the past , and with a flow of sincerity , photographs will quickly disappear from the fast track .
every gang is therefore being sprayed by every cariculture cleaning tool , which will help to avoid any rapid impulse .
often , too , this aid is not the case , and so it is being taken to help the engine oil that is being put on the table of gendants , and it is being presented as a transplant .
in the Est18 of Estonia , the Polish good and the A-diplomas were not won by the UK .
the match started extremely quickly and the first quarter of a quarter of five points ( 18 : 23 ) won a great deal of reticence .
the second quarter increased the difference even further and , in the ninth anniversary of the resignation of the visitors ( 31 : 40 ) .
Estonia was able to win the third quarter , but only one point .
a progray before the last ten minutes was bizarre ( 46 : 54 ) .
the fourth quarter of the quarter fell to Estonia &apos;s game completely , and in the end , the loss had to be passed with figures 61 : 75 .
the loss was crushed by the proponents &apos; hopes of being able to get to the A-sivne , because only two of the best pieces of redundancy are going there .
in the third place tomorrow , Estonia will be faced with the loser of the Croatian game between Israel .
on the Augustib , the head of the Chief was taken to the song , the singer was taken to Tallas .
Ivan got to go until the end , when he was hit by the whole .
it was summoned to the ambassador , who masquise his hearts and masters &apos; , the organiser , Indrek Ditmann Elu24men .
&apos;The delay has come to the plan , but the festival goes on &apos; it goes on and adds : &apos; Pole has been informed , of course they also see everything that happened &apos; .
at the moment Ivan ambulance is on the way to Tallas and it is not known whether it will be implemented or not .
of course we rely on the best &apos; , Mr Ditmann will say .
it was eager to speak to the West &apos;s life that the Henomnkot was struck by the Denselnkot .
first of all , a man stopped stunning , then the white-coloured and his man failed to slander .
the lady came from a conunited , Jan Uustalla , who asked whether there was a doctor among the audience .
a little later , he asked for praising for Denselnko .
Ivan Denselnko / Augustiband
Ivan Denselnko , or Ivan Blues , is known to Ukraine &apos;s artist and cultural figures .
the Ivan CBT started in parallel with artistic studies in Ukrainian ethnic art and architectural in Ukraine .
at the universities the roof of an unbelievably depressing bass and was called on the song the Kuldne Vate .
it was amiced with the people who made bust and who later became the people of his belt .
Ivan Blues &amp; Friends , the first contention of the first group of Ivan Blues , was held in Kiev on 31 December in Kiev on 31 December 2007 .
since then , the band has been operating regularly , with clubs , in companies and schools across Ukraine .
deliberation : Leunion was raped in the constituency of Pabel in Linga .
Levadia himself has put itself in a difficult position because , in the last round , it was lost as a surprise to the future of Viland , and the opportunity offered by Flora , the leader of Flora used to slip on seven points .
however , from our bottom up , however , the Leva has reached a rock on the same footing .
during the period of transition to the summer , Pauns will continue to miss the campine and the centre centre , Andre Froread .
only two of the seven players have been absorbed by only two references points , the classification being in the eighth - Tartu Tmeka four points in May and the future in four points in turn .
to Levadiale , in the first place in the first round of the Pades lost 0 : 5 .
the Middle East is not wishing to make Satelligis &apos;s electoral market .
the leaders of the districts of the region of Estonia have made an appeal to the public and political parties , calling for voting on the centre and not by the electoral unions .
above all , this is the message to those who are considering the EDGAR Sapomis between the electoral union and the Middle East .
in response to Ansiza : we have done a great deal for the success of Estonia .
the Vice-President of the European Commission , Andrus Ansip , said in an interview to Kuoniki , that he was sad to look at the Estonian &apos;s daily policy , because the Jürri Ralevel Government has taken on its head of a simple and predictable tax system .
I was using the chronic opportunity to ask me that what I have done for the success of Estonia and on which I can be proud of .
I am glad that we are a good team in the government and , in the months I have read , many important decisions , many of which have been expected in Estonia for more than ten years &apos; , has been written in the social media today .
according to the level , these decisions are , for example , a tax reform to raise people &apos;s incomes , a pension reform to ensure a decent retirement age for elderly people , a government reform to balance the development of Estonia , a increase in agricultural subsidies for rural recovery and , of course , health reform for providing access to accessible and high quality care .
&apos;Let good leave ! &apos; wrote in the reference to Ansip .
it is worth knowing how to calculate how much sugar is sugar in milk production ?
according to the European Union &apos;s food labelling standards , the packaging can be developed on the packaging to the quantity of hydrocarbons and the quantity of sugar , which does not equate to the collection of the &apos; despil collection &apos; , the Valio marketing director Krista Kalmin can be set out on the packaging .
he says that in dairy products , there are three types of sugar in dairy products : the lah in milk , that is , a lacon , a lag of milk , the gltse of fruit , as well as a ratio added to the sugar , or sucrose .
however , if you remember a few simple basic messages , then we should not have to calculate the accompanying quantities of sugar contained in the product , should not be borne in jeopardy .
first of all , it must be made clear whether it is a case of milk or ostered milk products .
in the normal milk and milk rush , around 5 g a modicum of a piece of milk , that is to say the end of 100 grams per product .
in the case of healthy dairy milk products , yogurtic or boy bacteria in the opium process have ceased to take part in the oxyum process , which is why , on average , there has been an average of 3.5g / 100g of a product .
in order to calculate the quantities of sugar included , the first is to calculate the total amount of sugar at the end &apos; , in the words of Kalbin .
now you have to calculate the amount of sugar in the pig and fertile fruktos and glue from fertile .
&apos;generally , in phlams and glgags , in the case of florky and glgags , respectively , 0.3 grams and , in particular , in brands , 15 % of fruit products in crops with the fruits of up to 1.5 g 100 grams , were said in Kalby .
according to him , this simple calculation shows that the proportion of sugaring may be up to two times less than the proportion of sugar that is indicated on the packaging .
the situation is slightly different in the case of non-loctable products , because it is up to them to depend on production technology .
a 101 year-old man jumped from a plane .
in the wake of the Second World War , Hinn Hayn has recently received a military prize to celebrate a sham acid which broke his world record .
it was the man who made the age for the age of 101 years and 38 days , thus sending the older emitters committed someone in the world .
in anticipation of the final air emissions : is Mr Kanter is doing the MMP &apos;s history ?
the current mood is eighth for Kanter , none of his competitor in London .
in addition , the only thing is the only heremonial through a history that has won the full package of medals ( gold , two silver and two pronx ) Mali .
today ( 5 August 2017 ) , as it is for 38 years and 92 days old today .
if the governing world is to cast itself a double world champions , he will be the older heiners , who is the MMP won the golden metre .
the same option is the Polish Channel Pjoton Malachowskil ( the age of 34 and 60 days old ) .
just an exciting facts :
more than one occasion , the athletes of just two countries have come to the fore .
in Germany , we have nine golden medals in Germany .
the World Cup record belongs to the name of Mr Aleana , which is in Helsinki , which is in Helsinki ( in 2005 ) of 7017 .
the lowest result , which has been won by the wings , is 66.20 - it began in Ries ( 1991 ) .
why are the dogs espoused in ?
sometimes it is thought that the dog is eating a lot , if he does not know myself well and wants to steer himself .
in fact , the vast majority of the grass are completely healthy .
just under 10 per cent of the dogs who seem to be able to do so by a few diseases .
one of the reasons why the dog can suddenly start to eat , may be nutrient food that is nutrient .
those dogs , who have religions , can take greater interest in the face of the face .
therefore , when a dog , who has not gone on a belt in the past , he is often eaten to eat it , it is worth going to check the doctor in order , for example , to quickly get to grips with a potential raison d &apos;être .
it is worth mentioning that the dog may also be a sham because he likes this taste or is simply boring .
when the health problem is excluded , it would be worth ascertaining that a family &apos;s favourite is still being sufficiently developed and present .
five more than 200 people were transferred by the police at the time of the Weeks were over 200 people
a total of more than 20 crimes were recorded in the days of festival in the town of Bestival .
there is a reason to link around half of them , apart from the use of violence , a large amount of narcotic substance and two drink-driving .
the misappropriation initiated by the Sadar were mainly related to the use or possession of alcohol supply or the use of banned substances .
a theft and a breach of public order were received .
for various reasons , the police station has led to more than 200 people for a variety of reasons .
approximately half a hundred were minors , and largely the reason for their delivery on the part of the police station .
there were more minors in jail who have been given the soil .
one hundred and a half hundred people were , perhaps , as much as they did last year .
in view of the expectations of the above figures , Mr Shuman , the head of the police office , there is a large crowd of the aforementioned figures , given the expectations of the abovementioned figures .
as in previous years , we had been fully prepared for the weekend this weekend .
we have included the additional requirement from the rest of the prefects , police and aid police officers in order to provide a rapid response .
most of the situations were resolved by the word and sufficient of the regular contact with citizens .
&apos;Look has not been a bad thing , because the police were to see and feel in our view quite too much &apos; , spoke of Shuman .
his opinion was extremely positive that the unauthorised minors of alcohol was obviously less and young people proved that they could be allowed to celebrate .
he has paid a praise to the high-ranking team of a security firm who looked after security in his festival area .
I would like to thank all of the festival arsenters who went through politely and who turned themselves politely .
&apos;My thanks to the local population , who , through their understanding of their understanding , has contributed to the successful process of a large festival .
in the police station for ut , you are looking to the owners at the weekend and a festival elephant in the weekend .
in the case of the leader of the Insurance of Festival , Annika Pärna , who had been responsible for the return of the Phol service , Annika Pärna , the leader of the Insurance service , has been lost this year .
a Festival police force was returned to the owners from over half of the time .
in three days , documents , mobile phones and keys were most eliminated in three days .
&apos;Do is still waiting for 13 mobile phones , the three wallets , smell and several car makers &apos; , listed as Pwet , a number of car drivers &apos; , listed as Pälas .
in Latvia , the highest number of non-citizens live in Daugavpils , Ria and Liepaja .
in Riga , people living in Latvia live in Latvia , in 125 344 , in Daugavpilla 14 266 and the Rible .
outside the cities of Latvia , people who live outside Latvia live in the Yukabpilt ( 2347 ) and Wohtheras ( 1235 ) .
at the beginning of 2017 , at the beginning of 2017 , there were 242 560 people who had no Latvian citizenship .
in 2007 , 392 816 of Latvian nationals live in Latvia in 2007 .
in the United States , two elite universities were arrested in the United States .
Professor Wyncham Lathem , Professor Wynham Lathem himself gave himself to the police in California than the police had been searched by the police .
however , the 56-year-old university of Oxford , the staff of the 52-year-old University of Oxford , however .
men are suspected of a brutal redeployment of 26-year-old Trenton Cornells .
he was sentenced to death at the end of last month in Chicago .
a few days later , the suspect under the name of the suspect died in cash to one of the libraries a great deal .
until he was put into the police , Lapeaam , as a police worker , sent to friends and family members about a video that speaks of the biggest habit of life .
the CNN was not seen and the police did not do so .
according to the police , this was a cruel murder and his body was converted because of the wounds .
I have recently had a visit to Chicago , but the investigators have not yet established whether and how he was acquainted with the victim .
before the arrest , both of the suspects were fleeing the state of the suspects .
in Australia &apos;s waters , 3 US naval navies were missing in Australian waters .
the US naval army and the naval vow closed off the searches , made a statement by Mr Butler in Japan , in principle by stating that the army would no longer create disappeared as living .
an accident occurred with an aeroplane by Ospresuy MV by plane from Ospriy MV , which was launched in the Coast of Richidi .
there were 26 people on board aircraft , 23 of whom were able to find and save out .
last month , an aeroplane collapsed last month on joint action by the US and Australia last month , Shoalwater Bay .
the Australian Defence Minister , Markela , said that the incident of Saturday took place near Shoalwater Bay near the Shoalwater Bay .
the south-west Japan is preparing to arrive at a typhoon to the arrival of Norway .
a large proportion of south-west Japan , including regions that were ravaged last month by rains , prepare for more than a hair , if the typhoon to Norway , which was , at one point , the world &apos;s largest stormy of the world , was increasingly close to the country &apos;s main islands .
the Meteorological Office says that , in the south-west , a little lunch of the island of the south-west and Tokyo , around 1 350 km from the Amami arches , and in the next 48 hours , it is possible that up to 800 mm rapies of the south-east , and in the next 48 hours , it is possible that up to 800 mm tog up to 800 mm tanks .
in the words of a representative of the Meteorological Office , said that Norway , which marks a kind of fear in a Korean language , then probably probably turn to the bottom of the rain , even though the key features of the island , which were killed by 36 people and left four missing , are likely to be found in the worst of the island , which killed 36 people and left four missing , are likely to get out of the worst .
&apos;This is an extremely slowly mobile storm &apos; , added to him , noting that there is therefore a bigger flood risk because , in one area , there is plenty of rain in a given area .
Norway , which was , at one point , the 5th typhoon of category 5 and is normally a long-distance storm , first formed two weeks ago and the northern part of the Pacific , before a guideline for hope , with a view to Japan and weakening its convergence line .
the representative added that , depending on the change of course , Norway can move to Norway directly over the Kyushu and then the Japanese Honshu island , but in the longer-term journey of Japan , it is still difficult to identify .
the aeroplane entered into the United States &apos; perfect design itself .
the pilot five passenger travel aircraft in the United States of America , and was even able to loose a bit on the route .
aircraft , in real time , the aircraft indicated that it was not just a straight line or a roof , but with the airlines , which formed the image of an aircraft interlinked .
the flight of BOE004 , the FVghghtradar , the FVghghtradar , according to 24 data from Boeing Field airport at 15.40 Wednesday at 15.40 Wednesday .
Boeing 7-8 Dreamliner took the line beyond Montana , North Dakota and Minnista , before changed the course of the course and lent through the mother .
from the map , an aircraft is a strange route passenger for two engines .
according to Boeing , the weg is part of the &apos; resilience &apos; of the flight of aircraft .
&apos;Do not fly to the arbitrary pattern , the testing team had the opportunity to see it , travelling on a route from which 22 of the 22 states of the country &apos;s 787-8 in the place &apos; , the representative of the Boeing Company said to RT.com.
as a Dreamliner refers to Pue Sound &apos;s region of Boeing Commercial Airplanes .
it range from North Michigane to Southern Texasey , from North Michigane to South Texasey .
on behalf of the IND / DEM Group . - ( NL ) Mr President , he has been added to Mr Huntsville .
the Teen district of Teene was 787-8 Dreamliner was introduced in 2009 .
the plane conforms up to 242 passengers and can fly for more than 13 600 kilometres .
as a pilots used a radar as a private council , the West was of a faint interest among aircraft controllers .
some suspect that this was a road , others again suggested that it could be a strange coincidence .
a former soldier was sentenced to sexual abuse against the murder of a penal of a suspect for sexual abuse .
a former soldier was sentenced to at least 17 years for the murder of a man , whom he suspected of his mistreatment of his familiar woman .
Mr Castius ( 70 ) was sentenced in June to the Glasgow Court in June , David Farakis , for his murder at his home in Tweedbank Roxburgshire in February 2016 .
the Judge Lord Summer called the murder &apos; particularly brutal &apos; , as the victims were 14 monotoes .
as a defensive defender , Brian McConnachie , said that the killing was &apos; a moment of madness &apos; , but he described the circumstances as &apos; extraordinary &apos; .
Mr Castiy told me that Farish was a woman sexually abused for a long period .
his lawyer said that a man went home to him and a friend in the hope of being able to hear evidence and not plan to kill it .
Lord Summanders stated that , in the event of the attack on the day , there were signs of intent on the intention , and it was on the social work report that turned out that the accused had gone through the training of specialist troops in the army .
no charges were made to Farishi .
it has been announced that , after the murder , the Casces itself contacted the police and ordered himself .
McConnachie said that most people have &apos; hard to understand &apos; that he is capable of murder .
the Defence lawyer said : &apos; he has not had any problems before this incident .
he lived a full life until this period of time until in February 2016 &apos; .
the health of Castiy is allegedly poor and has been hit by the heart and invert by being under arrest .
according to Lord Summer , he took on board the life sentence of a minimum of 17-year-old imprisonment , was taken into account in the fact that in Castro , there had been no previous convictions , and what he was allegedly told by the Farch .
the Scottish police described the case as &apos; a fragile older age in his own homes &apos; .
a researcher David Pinkney said : &apos; while this punishment does not alter his cruelty , I still hope that it will offer the David family some sort of solution &apos; .
Prime Minister Jürrl , the Prime Minister , has visited the fourth largest island of Estonia in the village of small islands , in which local guards and residents met the island of an island .
the island of the Vorus was born in the port of Sviby , where the Prime Minister &apos;s whistle was welcome to the Vormsi vallajour , Ivo Sarapuu .
the first to visit the Church of the Holy Olavi , and on the side-off fishing that is unique in Estonia in terms of its pause and skirts .
following the nurseries of Vormsi nursery schools , where the director Age Hälvvin interviewed with the Prime Minister and about the organisation of teaching , according to which part of school pupils have a distance from school .
at the nightmare , the Prime Minister in 2015 , an open new and modern operational service , where there was not only a meeting with the island nation .
the debate was addressed to the population , such as the development of ship and airlines between small islands and the continent .
the country has made a commitment to ensure regular transport links with the small islands , but , for example , increasing traffic during the summer period , for example , will make the important vehicles of local residents more difficult .
these are places where the country can already take account of local wishes and needs in an early and planning process &apos; , the Prime Minister , to take account of local wishes and needs .
in addition , there was the debate on the construction of a port of small vessels , interest education , on the safety of the island and the challenges of the rescue capabilities .
today &apos;s visit by the Vority was the last part of the Commonwealth circular of the Prime Minister , to look into the living environment of the island and discuss the issues that are waiting for local people and the municipalities .
in July , in July , the Head of Government , raped Saareland , Klahi , Ruhri , Abruka and Vilsand , in August , he has visited the Nisari , Prangli and Aegat .
a cold summer has driven the Lambers to travel abroad so that the packages have not only been sold , but the question has been sold regardless of price .
cheap air tickets , as well as cheap air tickets , as well as the last minute &apos;s tickets , it would be wiser to think about the travel plans next year .
at yesterday &apos;s press conference , the Prime Minister of EDGAR , a member of the National Assembly , which joined the electoral union with the election union , Mr Ivanova , that the Fireare-Sest-roll electoral union will provide the environment in Tallinda healthy competition .
however , how likely will the EDGAR Sapekar will assess the cooperation of the DGAR Sapol with the election union &apos; acted by Tallinn &apos; ?
the Unction Coast Leao Rego : the Ply-side can decide between one or two quarters .
in the final final region of the VP EnI Bohems , in the final final area of the Vali EnI B-divsix in Poland : 63 , the chief rever , Mr Rego , was a genuine meeting .
the game was beat .
both of them had done their homework , the points have come hard .
the game must be played by the fact that will have a better nerve .
Play-off may have to be the game of one or two bars &apos; , discussed the Reul .
it is a victory , but a tree , he is first , looking to improve what is to be improved .
the momentous will always be a nutbacks .
some of our mistakes were not reasonable , it was the light of having got the beginnings and lived on them .
that is what we have before - when you are aggressive , there is a risk of overstepping .
we are going to draw our own conclusions &apos; , said Rego .
he used nine players today , the Robin Khin , who left nine players because of the injury from a meeting of a meeting .
these decisions will be born in an ongoing manner .
the stone did the contribution of the morning &apos;s training and the heat of the game , but it was not yet 100 % &apos; .
tomorrow , at 18.15 , the Estole of Estonia meets Great Britain , which today started to 76 : 73 .
it is the winner of this game to raise the EMI A-Dlert by next summer .
a woman found alienation from the washing machine - to whom it could be part of this washing machine ?
&apos;Let me take up the machine when a bogeyman in a rubber wall in my eyes &apos; , a woman who was talking about an adulm in my eye &apos; , a woman who was talking about an adulm of alien marriage from its washing machine .
in fact , Mrs Karin did not turn the first strike at the door of the flames at the door .
I have taken the floor again .
the &apos; two small children are now on the brink of the flames at the moment &apos; , a woman is turning a blind eye .
when it was passed through the second deterrent , and I started to get out of the flames , then the boy of the flames between the fringes of my eye and then find it at the end of the day .
the name of a married man - Tomi , a married man who was married 14 years ago - Tomi .
as someone who is called a man or a woman who could be married with some Tomorrow , I do not know , the screw will be completely puzzling .
the mother of the parent , Mrs Karas , is perhaps in a pocket , pocketed by his horror and has put his finger on the flotilla , but the child confirmed that he had not brought her to the home .
Karin , with his life of Tallinta Madala , Madala , has been living for a year .
they previously ordered them to expel it , and the period of that time is also a washing machine .
but if there is nothing to do with the rent , how did it get into the machine ?
&apos;I am now required and fail to understand the path that was going on in the washing machine &apos; , a woman is going to laugh .
as the pace of life is quite fast on two small children , I believe that you would have expected to go home at the start of the box .
there have been a recent period of staffing in the search for the owner of a martyr , and now it seemed that it is high time that we also look at the owner of the friendship that has been found in the social media , where the outbreak of hell in Tallinn has been happily identified last week .
&apos;because Facebook is found and searching for various things , I first thought to try there &apos; , the Carin , whose post has been distributed by almost 4 000 people .
&apos;Point has received any feedback , and not everything is a good thing , a woman , referring to the first comments to be made to his own man .
then , while the feeling was that this was what was needed now .
that my man has become the greatest deceit of whom we have heard .
to be honest , it did at the beginning of what was concerned , but afterwards , when the comments were made that I , myself , have succumbing to the owner of the dar .
the general experts also suggested that suddenly the pocket has reached the second round of rifts to the Nazis .
&apos;Well , last somewhere six months ago , one of the other people purchased to go to work , which sprung up without a more in-depth study into the washing machine , but is it really ? &apos; we are discussing a woman .
be that as it may , but with life partners , we have agreed that we would now have to find a win-win .
whatever the cause of this resignation is whatever it may be .
divorce , family quarrel or whatever .
I think that is only the right thing to do , because I know that I would be very grateful to a person who would try and return me a valuable asset .
Karin has also turned to the civil situation in order to get a helping hand there .
however , I received an answer that in Estonia on that date and that is what Mr married by the name .
one of the words is that of the owner .
recently , in Tallinn Pelumben , on 21 July in Tallinda Pelumäna , the grape of a grape which was promised to suggest that it belongs to an elderly woman .
&apos;Loodnled with dogs in the morning , and I noticed the 53 house that is behind 53 house , intact rained , golden war &apos; , says a Gerl that a grab would suggest it belongs to a woman .
in writing . - ( NL ) In his Facebook , a Facebook leak and a group &apos; noted &apos; in Tallinn &apos; , that information with the Mayor of North Tallinna .
in two weeks &apos; time , the police have been in contact with fork and announced that the Skirment has been identified .
&apos;I was in contact with the owner &apos;s daughter and on Monday evening the daughter went to the guise &apos; ; Shelm had gone , because the old Ambassador had been woven up with the other , where it was slipped down .
&apos;he lost it on the same day morning , when my dog was walking &apos; , says Gerl .
from time to time , we still have to go to the forest , for whatever reason .
however , if you bow to the baby , however , it is the right time to make a single hot road .
there are sufficient resources to do so in the forest .
there is a small view of the protection of the home .
on the other hand , we are talking about a coffee , which is , to some extent , a virtual one , but it is not the best for our health .
using the plants found in the open nature , it is always necessary to be ready to test , because both prescriptions and tastes are different .
some of them do not need a long time , only hot water rigging , but others have to be abandoned for hours .
of course , it must also be attentive that water and plants are sufficiently clean .
a lot of the time and place will also be dependent on the time and place .
we are now going to see how to prepare a few simple ways and what influence they can have on us .
Menniookyrd
a wave of cheese can be a peaceful year in July .
if a day is a good way to drink 2 litres of water a day , it is well worth meeting the C-vitaminin need and , moreover , provide a little extra energy .
as with all plants , it is possible to get useful elements from the games of the game by using alternative methods , for example by wrecting - scores - for a long time , a hot water &apos;s overlayer and a little bit of depreciation .
half a litre of water takes 0.4 litres , which have to be listed for 15 minutes .
the result is a drink in which nearly 25 mg C has a cathin , a lot of cabinet and cink .
in addition , the drink contains around 1.5 sugar heat , that is to say , 20 kca sugar .
in order to improve the taste , there can always be coherence and honey in order to improve the taste .
and when a drink got into the Chamber , it can dilute it like a transplant .
preparing the road to the road to Cuba is in the same way , but the drink is something that deserved a little bit differently .
the Varikiook is excellent and is contributing to a very large number of wounds , a trauma .
the Varch will help to overcome tiredness , is an act that is painting out , and it will help in the event of crop diseases , both as a relief alleviator , as well as the felling of the fever .
consequently , it would not be worth over half a a day a day .
the Varikiook is also dragging , which is why a more peaceful moment should be found in winter .
to make a drink in winter , fresh boys , the equals or brains are taking advantage of the bag , the equivalent or the mark .
for half a litre of drink is needed for the drink &apos;s drink , which must be fed up as long as water acquires a red tone .
it can also be drawn from the Varid Islands .
to this end , the theft and hosting them in a warm water for a few hours .
a longer and more thorough process of unemployment will also be made .
a superfluous wait can be included on the slippery rush as well .
a flash stunn trajection
the fhammer is a cry that looks like a metaphet piece in the village of a mek .
most of all , it is found in the cakes , but also elsewhere .
Seon is a very broad one - a hot drink , to harvest fire , rather than the virus and so on .
ash is also very well washed .
a sort of super-cycle is a kind of supercycle that can be used for a whole range of diseases , even cancer , or lenient , to increase the tone , to increase stress , reduce stress , extending life expectancy .
it contains a series of unique compounds and a lot of B-vitamies , as well as antibusiness and a few minerals and protein .
the path made by the Seenis may , on a daily basis , do not pose a risk of overconsumption .
to do drink , approximately 3 x 3 cm will be enough to do so , which will have to be 5 to 15 minutes of five to 15 litres in water .
a woman walks around the globe : my current budget is USD 5 !
in fact , I have had such experience , and it is true that 40 days , where I decided in southern France to live a life , simply to be free and to live day on the same day .
it was surrounded by an axis , the forest , the small town stations , etc .
on the second week I joined one of the French &apos; homes &apos; , 44 years old man had ...
Mr Oi , do not think that some of the pedetentions vines : I was the same park in Menton and we became friends , although she was 15a parent , was a good commotion .
it came out that a man has been good family , Parisism , a former French navy officer .
the Alkot does not move , sunshings , a decent man , intelligent , pleasant communication and , where we see life , you have not seen their lives .
I joined him and the following 3 weeks , the city of the city and also about 5 on a day , the city of the city and also about 5 on a day .
the money has got the money , so much for living .
the man taught us how to offer the evening aid to hotel hotels and on farms that are closed down .
we have done exactly as much as it would be for the 2 to 3 days , and then on ...
at some point , fever , and I decided that it would no longer be that ...
I took a flight to Helsinki , from home .
and , by the way , I still regret .
these 40 days were perhaps the best in my life .
I have recently referred to Facebook : &apos; there is a poor justification &apos; .
therefore , I am not going to look back and try and try not to recall what has been achieved in history for the rearing of human animals and what has been achieved .
I am not going to judge whether these tests can be regarded as a success or a failure .
I am also going to avoid excessive sources , even though I would like to rely on the idea of my most important teacher , Toomas Paula : all my thoughts have been borrowed from somewhere if only to remember where exactly where .
the most striking step in Estonia today is the rearing of the citizens of the Republic of Estonia - a perfect person .
we do not grow her , as we grow a child - in good faith that a person will be a man .
we are raising it in such a way as the ruling class before itself - which one person must be , that he or she should be allowed to live and speak in Estonia .
censorship is perfect .
although the local ruling class became partly a year ago , some of the educational methods are just as frightening if they were in the previous ruling class , now impoverished axis - their brutality does not go down to any of the previous ones .
they are quite different .
Latvia beer is the march of the new era of the age of the new era .
State leaders , 0.5 , of the decisions made
it is not only the politicians who are here in the ruling class not only those politicians who get a penny for their work , but also those who do the policy on a voluntary ( deliberately ) : write the Mikk &apos;s muddled , the murky people around them from the EU , boycotting , the gesture of sabotage in the EU , when the terrible people around that room are being boycotting , a gesture that is sabotage .
they are only willing to stay in the case of ECHO Chamber ( the expression of the English about people who live in a room where only the opinions that are suited to them , such as their own Facebook friends , etc . ) , but it is not possible in Estonia .
there are still some of the contributions who think or is doing something that is unbearable in the rock .
and that is the disgusting of the &apos; no &apos; side and the &apos; no &apos; side of the wet &apos; .
we have a large number of politicians who know exactly how a person can log up many children to locate how to do work , to get a lot of salaries when to think about what to see how to separate the sick of how to break the sick of how to separate a sick person when you can be the sick of how to die .
very important positions .
if their public speeches were buried by something other than what they themselves have said , they have been wrestling , insulted , jumps , hysteria about their public speeches .
the fact that people in a number of European countries travel with &apos; car drivers &apos; , and it is legally permitted , do not undermine their opinion .
zero tolerance is the only permissible cradle in every area , but zero tolerance is not a negligent , but a spilt .
class hatred and race - only like anything like me .
policymakers only manage to open up only soul , but never with the heart .
they believe that every &apos; measure &apos; to improve society is working and is worthwhile .
they are fortunate enough that we have an adequate size of the Vardidis , the psychologically disabled bowers who are jumping through every window - without feeling the pain .
therefore , it seems to us , if a clever pel-pe-pe-pe-pedden peer is emotionally flawed , that this is reasonable .
some of the words that will certainly bring us a little bit , for example , tomorrow , a refugee , a woman , violence , the work of work and others .
if you can believe everything that self-serving officials , activists and politicians ( such are only a small part of all groups , but they are able to put on track in such a way that the whole of society is saddened ) and write , a citizen is not only the vassal , laboratory and unpleasant , but also at temporary free , without brain .
but let us not believe , do not tolerate coercion , do not stop drinking .
in any case , the Estonian man is running as much as it wants , and not as much as a country allows .
the Estonian person will , in any case , tolerate more if it is not forced to tolerate him .
the Estonian people will not change their behaviour two months before the elections , so that , after having achieved this goal , we can turn our backs on their popular diets and again , not only inside , but also to expel what is inaccessible to brain fat kilos quickly .
who does the other thing is not the right position .
I do not believe that a single person can be replanted .
I believe that it is possible to teach a person .
to drink sensibly , I love your own family , to be a hard-working , polite , a learner for not only friends but also to society as a whole .
to teach us , it is not always time to scrap , ban , ban , to put it into the corner of the media , throwing the wings of the media .
the teaching must serve as an example .
a booming politician is talking about the loss of tobacco ?
a policeman , at a free time , is doing a fine for overshooting the speeds of speed ?
and , then , will it be left between my colleague ...
I have such a rival idea that perhaps we should try to reopen the prevailing class once again .
to them , do not drink in secret .
drink , drink openly : you beat a rade , in the eyes of the people as a whole .
to force the speed to go only openly - the cars of the governors , but also by private cars , be it all the red .
if you prevail , then govern as you would govern yourselves .
perhaps it is a disgrace , then , when words and deeds do not go together .
or we can know that we ourselves want to be governed by those most bankers .
because we all of us the Altians , we are what we do not want at all at all .
where are you fleeing for themselves ?
for this weekend , rains are being allowed for this weekend , so it would be time to take one good line .
why not trimbled the whales !
Mr RE gorgeous contains recommendations for nine habits , which should help you achieve a more relaxed and better meaning .
it is argued that the first changes should be seen in the first edition of the first Year .
a bus driver was saved from eight elogens , not knowing that the dogs actually have the owner .
&apos;where I put these eight cutbacks , I would have been thrown out of dogs with dogs &apos; , a joke of the bus and coach Og , who got the motorway around the shop with no other guard around the journey .
very soon , however , the owner of the dog of asylum , for whom it failed to understand why they were taken away from his homes .
Mr Oleg , a bus driver , said he was already working as a bus driver since the beginning of the 1990s , but such a case has not happened in his career since the beginning of the 1990s , but this case has not happened in his career since the beginning of his career .
near Charter , I noticed that something little running around the road is running around the road .
I thought this was a proxy , but it came out that there were four purit &apos; , a bus driver recalled .
he went to the heart of bullet and he suspended passengers with full bus , in order to keep the coffee in the coffee .
the &apos; harm started &apos; , the cars have been travelling over and dogs woked &apos; , in the words of Olen .
he added , so that passengers were reasonable , and they were given a great deal of joy .
Kucians were somewhat afraid at the beginning , but then it was a broker .
on board the hosts on board , the bus driver went on a new front , because the driving schedule needed to follow .
in travelling to the shoes again , he saw a further four small dogs there .
it was a German sheep cock .
they were so immediate and it was immediately possible to see that they were concerned .
dogs were fine , absolutely staggering .
the first point was , of course , that someone wanted them to get rid of them &apos; , a bus driver spoke of them , for that reason , he decided to pocket a fool bus .
&apos;I also took these four cutbacks and returned to the police &apos; , reminded Og .
the law enforcement has been contacted by the practitioners in Tallinana , whose staff had to come to the shoes according to the Baltic plant .
however , did the bus driver not be tempted to take a poet ?
that was the point .
one of the Cultural poiss was so beautiful and calm .
a nice like adult dog said &apos; , Mr Og said .
but where do I put these eight elogens ?
I would have been thrown out of my dog with dogs .
we still have a small child .
he has added the assets &apos; , put him in the annex .
in Tallinna , the Chair of the European Commission , who has truly given eight German sheep dogs , who are the prisoners of two and a half months .
on the same day , however , the owner had to come to a puts-family .
&apos;We did not even formalise them even come in and gave them the same back &apos; , he said .
&apos;the owner of dogs was very angry , but he said that they had the only house on a visual scale and the head of bus might have had the question of whether they were &apos; , spoke to them &apos; .
however , the head of asylum added , however , that it is a good thing that the bus driver , at the same time , cut off the line by the bus driver at the end of the road , and therefore did not happen to them .
in fact , it was very good from the bus driver that he responded .
we have encountered in the landscape where , if necessary , you simply cannot get out of the best will with conventional vehicles .
that is where the ATV is the solution .
the ATV , which is in operation in a military area , gave an overview of the house for the Catala !
there is nothing new in the use of vehicles in the military structures of lightweight and good percentages .
the need for them has already emerged in the course of the Second World War , the need for them had already been given a decade later .
simplicity and strength
already in 1956 , under the name of a mechanical mudla , under the name of a mechanical muddle , which was now under the name of a mechanical thin of the Second World War in the year of the Second World War , a vehicle for evacuation .
it is a little strange to say a little strange for improvement .
it is hard to imagine the vehicle .
a hero platform , a man and a hole : all , all the luxury .
in direct terms , over-zero-flork engineers from the engineer were too hastily set out too much a strait that has started their production from too much haste .
however , what matters in the war is much more manageable than comfort .
this category was not challenged by the Vietnamese jungle in Vietnam .
it is easy , less than five hundred kilograms of more than five hundred kilograms of more than five hundred kilograms , in the places where , as a result of their capacity in superfluous , has had to show the brakes .
in the large majority , vehicles with a 50-kilos of chicken has been used , both in terms of poppy and a revitalisation .
it was , at times , also made lighter , without settling anti-tank weapons .
however , this lorry has come down , however , and it has happened , the driver was able to shift the rotation system in the last resort and to let it get it so far low that it was possible to lead a kick in the sheep sheep .
between now and 1970 , they were prepared for 11 240 to 1970 , and were in the army up to 1980 , when the vicinity of HMMWR was exchanged .
after two decades , the ATC military district had a marginal meaning .
they come back to the pill after the rock fell in New York and US soldiers found themselves in the desert landscape of Iraq and Afghanistan .
it is where the knowledge and understanding of what is needed is something that chooses the void Hatwee and the personnel of the void .
as the ATC does not provide considerable protection , they are not directly the best option to carry out the battle .
however , a fast and dynamic machine is suitable for carrying out specific tasks .
for example , in a pig and rescue operations , for example .
at present , thousands of ATVs and UTR have been in use .
most of them , like the defence of the XUV550 , who are in the region of the XUV550 , but were enriched in accordance with the needs of the army .
there are names such as Kawasau Mule , the names of the Kawasau Mule , Hondusakon Mule , Hondt Sabman , Yamman Rhinal and Arctic Cat , and the ever-widening option of the leading military ATATVs of ATVs .
in 2013 , the Polar report concluded a five-year agreement with the AOCOM dual MRZR2 and MRZR2 and MRZR2 and MRZR4 and a separate five-year agreement in the Sport of Sport Sport , Sport , Sport , Sport , on Sport , on behalf of MV8555s made from the Polar and Black-and-B81 and innovative MRZR2 and MRZR4 , and the specific five-year agreement in a special five-year agreement on the part of MV85555s ( SOCOM ) dual MRZR2 and MRZRR4 , and a cut in the form of a cut in the form of mobility after a 50 caliomic weapons .
before we entered the MV850 market , the Polar reached the supply of MV700 and MV800 in the Polar .
in the case of MV700 , it is the 700rd Twin Sportsman , which has been included and wants to walk , the dual fuel tank to reach larger distances , strengthened ravage and some military equipment with which the farmer , or the pets that do not have to start .
in the same way , alongside the Polarse ATDs , both in Iraq and in Afghanistan , is equipped with arbies , baggage and some other elements that have been used in their belt and with some other elements that are useful in their breath , but what is necessary in the battle zone .
a vehicle that is considering 750 kilograms can take away almost its own body weight , which is to say , 570 kilo tap .
the capacity of the engine will also suffice to carry lighter rebates and numbering parts .
as a change in the guarantee that has been removed , makes it possible to tap from point A to B baggage from A to B , which is the size of the size of the small , but the dozen of them .
subsequently , M-Glasi &apos;s improved version of A1 , which is more powerful than the original 20 horses of M-Gfora , and subsequently strengthened , with the strengthened framework in A2 , which is even better in terms of dragging and shoes , and AA3 , which combines A1 and A2 , which combines A1 and A2 .
the Northgians were in fact already in 1997 and in 1998 in 1998 , where the medical briens used them to evacuate wounded .
at the same time , they also reduced the burden of their own mobile soldiers , by transferring instead of a lag that would otherwise have been paid off by the market .
if the majority of ATVs , which are used in force in force in force , there are some exceptions .
these distinguished spirits are the name of Prowler in Prowler , prepared by Phoenix , which has been successfully used throughout the world in all kinds of battle , intelligence and rescue missions .
according to the producer , they have been presented for the first time a decade ago of the bottlenecks that have been introduced for the first time 10 years ago , which are typical of the remaining bottlenecks at ordinary use , both in terms of manpower , resilience and safety .
as a result of both the construction and the greatest of the ordinary CSR , Mr Prowler has had a wide range of variations , both in terms of its construction and capacity .
it is quicker , more robust , more stable and able to carry as well as to the greatest difficulties than other vehicles .
for example , when in the case of the ordinary ATV , the leader in maintaining the balance of the vehicle has to constantly play their body offices and use to manoeuvre , to speed up and deregulate both of them , the management of Prostance is rather similar to the management of the car .
however , in the end , it is no difference whether it is the concept and use of Prowler , Gman , MV850 or another ATV - concept and use are all similar to that of everyone .
and it is clear that , in circumstances where defence costs have a broad margin of defence costs , and instead of having a smaller , smaller , undermymotive , a secure target for the sole destination , will be lightly and quick , small vehicles to stay in order to stay in the service .
&apos;My o died , but I am not &apos; , remains a broad smile in the Iron Man in the form of Iron 733 in the finišis .
it is true that , in the course of the entire semi-long triatlon , no smile has skimmed Raivot .
moreover , in running a 21.1 kilometres in drink , he got a interlocutor : &apos; I spoke with one person during a drink , one man beat and wondered : &apos; The Inteland , you had also said , &apos; .
at the earth , Ravo , who had had their energy dispensing , some of them went to the hungry .
on the recommendation of the Treen .
the &apos; Ain-ALAR Juaison has said that the flames may walk away , that there is no point in going down , because there is such uptake here , and there is no difference in time whether drinks or soodball walks , saying that he took the lead and hear the words of the triumph .
it also got a breath when he was walked , and so , after being able to get the finishing line to the left and a better interview .
as if there were no 1.9 kilometres of swimming , 90 kilometres of cycling and 21.1 kilometres of drink .
&apos;I think that my trace is also that I can enjoy this competition &apos; , recognises the 16 kilograms of 16 kg in the 16 kilograms of 16 kilograms of 16 kg .
and , as far as the interviews are concerned , that was my wish to have taken an interview after the final interview .
I have been able to give an interview after every contest , and I had hoped that it would be good to be able to do so after Otegnes .
I thought that then , everything would be fine if I am not in the West bag maps after Iron &apos; ; on the contrary , the head of Raivo proposed the finishing line of Raivo , along with the finishing line of Raivo proposed in the finishing line .
there was also reason : in Raivot 1.9 kilometres of 46 minutes and 24 seconds , 90 km of wheat for 3 hours and 32 minutes and 21.1 kilometres for 2 hours and for 21.1 kilometres .
&apos;My heart has now been given to the triumph now , the Ravo , who was already crying in the fingers , that he was running at the fingers at sport , and it took a cat tack .
I have already registered myself on the part of the Good Fdin - 230 kilometres from the Tallinus on the basis of the wheel !
so , tomorrow , to trace again .
the third festival Day will be a strong wind .
one in the face of the puppet of the Athrew , one of the woes of the Athrew who is trying to fly by wind .
because of the future , many of the festival arsents have been mentioned that you and your eyes are on the sand .
I think we have gone quite well .
we have done a good job and with our works and work , the head of the Police manager , Mr Shuman , will tell them how they have had their first night 24 days for them .
Shumaner says that , today , patrols police officers and fast reactions to the streets and are also communicating with people - perhaps they have questions and they also want to know how to get a rapid reaction .
in the space of two days , the police have had to deal with some of the battles and also with drugs .
&apos;You have also had some of the large quantities of narcotic substances , but we are going to be summarised when the Weber has passed &apos; , is a word for Shuman .
some hundred hundred people have been going through a police station who has been going through in two days &apos; time has been going on in two days &apos; time .
fortunately , there has been no need to resolve extreme incidents by the police .
by the way , Speaker says that if the sky has to be steadfastly and horizontal to rain , they do not have a lot of work .
one head of the Hague police has once said that the rain is like an additional child .
in the area of the Weekeru , the Pise Right has also done a state of statehood , where things that have been found and where the missing things can be counted .
by the way , the police lost away from one of the things that they need , the good people lost in invention by good people .
look at the videos mentioned by Mr Shumaner .
the Weber festival of the Baltic Sea boss Gunnar , on the front hand , to the festival that Finland had first got back to Finland and its owners went back to the enlargement process under the River , but on the back of the Pänus , and so the case was that of the festival , and so was the sale of the festival in Estonia .
Mr Gunnar said that they have committed themselves to 25 000 visitors a day , but the pros will only be counted when festival .
the preoccupation for the streets has already started in September .
&apos;Where we had the information in favour of the city that construction begins at the last site , the hotel comes down to it &apos; , the change to which Gunnar is going to be faced with this year .
at the moment , none of the Koppa does not see any of the Koppa , but it is to think that if the KOP did not go to the May this year .
so perhaps the day we could have moved from it &apos; , he explains why this festival has moved the festival this year .
the banking regime is going to go through this year .
there are a thousand and a half a thousand , a thousand - the police , the command , volunteers , traders , the security authority , and so on .
the most difficult thing was , according to the Weber , to have a duo , Chadian of Chainsmopos .
after all , men are now the indisputable figure in the boy world .
why Mr Chainsmokers had found a difficult period and how Gunnar commented on Gunnar that two of the artists were cancelled , are already already videos .
it is coming from the West to come from the road to Estonia .
in the north of Estonia there has already been a lot of noise , and we can see the individual rebates .
this afternoon , the Lunding service was also a wake-up call .
today , mainly in the north of Estonia , there are many sides in the north .
the images of the weather are rapidly moving from the West to the West .
the outbreak of the south-west range from 18 , on islands and on the coast of 18 , on the islands and on the coast , but with the thusk can lead to stronger winds &apos; , is on the website of the weather service .
however , much greater mockery is raging on the east of South Finland and Russia in the east of St Petersburg .
fortunately , however , the winds are breathing from the West and the age in Estonia , and therefore , at least for the time being , there is no risk at least that the major storms would turn to Estonia .
the Finns organised a dance by their men .
when , 11 years ago in Rakala was the first to be held in Rakalis , the organisers obviously failed to see the northern neighbours taking an example from a small city of Estonia .
today , however , in the west of Finland , we are holding the first Finnish woman to dance .
the representatives of the City of Loree were so enthusiastic about the last friendship city in Rakalis , were so clumsy of the men who took place in Rakalis , the Rakhe was announced by the Rakmie Labii Pihrk .
&apos;This is what is happening today in Finland , under the periphery of Landa in Finland , where there are 100 man Virus , where there are 100 man Virus , where there is 100 men from Virull &apos; , in the words of Pihlak .
according to the Pibalance , this is an excellent example of good cooperation between the two town of friendship .
at the same time , this will be a celebration of the Estonian and Finnish republics .
there is also a rocket at 69 as the winner of the previous season , Karl Rinkubga .
&apos;I have the honour of being one of the sato who , with his participation in Finland , for which Viru &apos;s men is capable of &apos; , he said .
&apos;The men who danten from Rakge is all his kind of superfluous working time for Finnish men , in order to give the northern neighbours a decent level , a member of the Rakver urban government , Ain Genekiv , a member of the Rakblood urban government , Ain Sstudy .
the presentation of the men of Virumland is a welcome , by the artistic leader of Virumb , the artistic leader of the well-known Chamber , along with the well-known acitor of the well-known Chamber .
the Sregronrich of Estonians is based on a burden model .
first Estonian men &apos;s dance was held in 2006 , while until now the last in Rakalis .
although the media attention has mainly been paid to the Pory and the Weekon that is taking place there , that is not the only music identification for this weekend .
the Incest Asaakist festival will also have loyal fans .
one of them , for example , writes Twitteri : &apos; I sell the Weber tickets so that I can go to the Indocument &apos; .
and why not .
in addition to domestic artists , there will also be coming from the Americas , Finland , Lithuania , Hungary , England and elsewhere .
the festival being organised in the World forest is surprised by the occupants that exist there , too , because of a magic wand .
one of them , Lucas Rose , was not in Twitter today in Twitter , when Estonia has a beautiful place .
however , the visitors have also narrowed the division of pigs .
in order to be able to take part in the Incient festival , the Gallets themselves .
although the weekend has come in the weekend , there has been no resignation of your action .
it is still a handful of work , but others are also trying to spur other people into action .
those concerns could be forgotten and , together with the more expensive , departures .
take the time for us to enjoy a few scorners in some of the ways , in the romantics .
when we talk about the subject on the subject , the flames , major plans , perhaps they will also allow promises ... which , in the light of a moment , is already in the process of going .
the other party , however , stops his words .
it is a lot of uneasy , it is difficult to focus on some action .
you may not have to depend on what is happening at the moment , but about what has happened before .
it is also in a difficult position that we are able to act quickly and in a rational manner .
it is possible that you can help someone from the lurch today because you have enough wisdom and determination .
rather , it is a matter of concern for money and business .
take time to evade and influde .
taking a hand at the PRC could be a tiresome and perverse nervousness .
it is possible that , by accident , a situation in which there is a serious controversies where you have to vigorously defend their views .
if others go across the border , then you will take that path .
better placed to feel in a more customary environment by doing things which can and I give them joy .
obviously , you are not asking for new knowledge and adventures .
crying out is an activity , which I think you will never really be full of .
today , too , you are in the room .
however , what is happening is not normal , however .
it may be that , in spite of a free one , we still have to deal with the carryover of the treasury jams .
or they were physically at home , but it is still at the desk .
if you want steal housing , it can be provided with travel .
at the heart of the adventure , you will take your head , you need to pull themselves together in order to keep a balance and to keep a balance .
waste of energy for monetary affairs is wasted .
I will take this subject only if the situation really requires rapid and decisive intervention .
in Indonesia a man burned alive by a man who stole three bullits , the Hungarian news agency , MTI .
for the 30-year-old capital , Jakarta ested the city of Jakarta for the city of the city of Jakarta , the city of Jakarta skut , but a sayman who adhered to ! &apos;
to the help of the Tultih , and you immediately have to follow the door .
it has escaped the motorcycle and flown even over the river .
the back-up lasted a few kilometres , one of the bricks dumped in the back of the shelters , causing serious injury .
a ray plant that was wound up in the bag and beat him .
one of the reservoir on petrol and set him burn .
Syria died of incineration wounds .
the East Jakarta was put into a police hospital in East Jakarta .
the police took both a motorcycle as a motorcycle as well as a stolen winds .
in the local press , it was initially reported , as if it were a property , but rather to the Electronic Monwer , who has wanted to repaired the windows .
however , by the police , however , were decisively overtaken by the police .
the prospicacy of the thumbarkon announced that it did not make a statement about what happened .
according to the German news agency , the DPA estimates , is due to the fact that the indests do not trust the police or the judiciary in particular .
Indonesia is the world &apos;s largest Muslim state .
Muslims are as much as 87.2 % of the 255 million inhabitants .
Estonian children are affected by the multifaceted nature of Estonian children .
when , in Europe and America , what is often done in Europe and America , what is being done by the children of the arts , then Estonian parents choose their trips on the basis of their trips .
British small prince Georgia is coming to become a mother , a hertsoginna Cahterine , a real modus .
like his mother , the printer will also be able to set up the Prince in people &apos;s clothing with the true diets of shopping , which has become an even more specific term - the Prince George &apos;s effect .
the latest such dossier took place a few weeks ago on the visit of the Kigingar in Poland , where George of the Spanish brink of Tizzas , of the Spanish brand of Tizza , which had the crazy older brands of e-boy to 24 hours .
shoppers from Estonia probably do not have a great deal , because the late children of the King are leaving our parents to be completely cold .
Mrs Ansmitt , the Minister for Communication , Mrs Ansmitt , says that the children of the ranks and foreign speeds are generally affected by our parents &apos; purchases in their muddy .
in Estonia , the greatest guide for child affairs is films , multifaceted , multis and also YouTube channels .
this is the case with the pans that have been going to be the most popular products in recent years , the &apos; Frozen &apos; games with sufferers , tears , clothing , tankers or cats , bursting the bricks and so on &apos; .
at the same time , he confirms that , if they wish , our children will also be able to put their children on the same lines as European printures or carrots .
the man was abducted with the fashionable plan to sell the flames on the bone online .
a Polish citizen took a British bubble in Italy to take a hostage in Italy .
a 20-year-old woman in the man &apos;s meal was planned for a 20-year-old woman in a pigmeat online , was reported to Guardian .
the police have been encouraged by a woman of 11 July Milan promised that he would be able to work on photographs .
instead , he stunned and took the hell near Torino .
it is claimed that a woman who was being imprisoned was trying to sell a pigmeat from the pigmeat Where , he was trying to sell a pigmeat on a pigmeat online .
the head of a woman , on 17 July , led to the British consulate on 17 July .
under the police &apos;s assurance , the Polish citizen under suspicion is the Polish citizen , Luboz Hera , who lives in Britain .
according to the Corriere della , Sera , a man found that abducted women has a small child and did not want to sell him into the wall .
as a result of the progray of a department , the sensitive data of the vulnerable children of careless are published .
as a result of the worrying violations associated with information , personal data on the mother of a child , including information about whether they are sexually active .
an e-mail was sent to the mother , which included the names of all children in the town of Victoria , the names of all children in the town of Victoria .
an e-mail revealed every child &apos;s place of life .
it has been set out that one 13-year-old boy has been freed up against a bag and sexual behaviour , that one 15-year-old girl , who has a problem with self-injury , the abuse and the failure of certain substances is &apos; out of the &apos; while &apos; and &apos; do not go out this evening &apos; , and that one 14 year-old boy requires help with &apos; the care &apos; with &apos; and is a bloodbone boy &apos; , and that one 14 year-old boy needs help &apos; by means of &apos; and there is a bloodbet &apos; . what is permanently aggressive and physically threatened .
the table seems to have been an overstatement document , which was intended to send to the guardian of the night .
the document contains notes as to when some children have to be waiting home or whether they can take the contact with staff in order to get them .
there have been an alarming number of details on some children .
a 15-year-old boy has been worded with a warning : &apos; when personnel take contact in order to obtain a permit for the search and / or stopt / USB-B-B-B-Better due to the suspicion of unsuitable sexual material , this authorisation must be given &apos; .
it is also known that a 17-year-old girl , who will receive 18 in just three months &apos; time and is released from welfare institutions , a suicide attempt is so much that staff will have to call the emergency in the event of his flight .
it was noted about a 16-year-old condition for the boy , it was noted that he was outside and &apos; contacts with staff at a later date in order to catch him &apos; .
although , in the case listed , only a accommodation unit has been mentioned , where children are kept and not their address , the details are still much enough to be able to find them .
the 2006 data leavers came out when Fairfax , the mother &apos;s Fairfax , with his experience in terms of health and service ministries and child protection , since his daughter &apos;s daughter four years ago .
he agreed to share his concerns now that his daughter had received 18 and late systems .
the heart-rending decision to hand over child protection was handed over after a violent incident at home , and this case is one of the ever more complaints concerning family violence , which parents are making against their children .
it had worrying consequences , which the mother never anticipated , for example , his daughter was able to get seven criminal charges within six months after leaving his or her home , he was relocated to hundreds of kilometres in home and creature , in which he successfully found how to succeed but then he returned without informing the parents , and then he returned and facilitation two his daughters after leaving his or her home , after leaving his or her daughter after leaving his or her home , he was relocated and facilitated by his daughters after leaving his or her home . the relationship between the trend and the older man .
the relationship with the first to the boyman , the 17 years , with whom the welfare establishments allowed a woman to stay on a regular hotel at the time of a woman ended in a regular hotel , ended in a few days after a young man was charged , because of this relationship , an accusation was made to the child &apos;s sexual status after the age of 18 .
&apos;How out the system in a worse situation than when entering it ? &apos; ask the mother .
&apos;and will this happen to children of all careless children ? &apos;
he is voting in favour of setting up an agency that would allow the health and service ministry to have children in the first few weeks , after taking them under care , before they move into homes .
this would enable them to understand better how children interact with the others and what the dangers and needs associated with them , especially in educational terms .
the government of the state is looking for new ways of reducing the need for children to be placed in home , seeking , among other things , to better support their parents .
with a definite guideline on the assistance packages , which are funded during four years to USD 62 million , the aim is to help children in domestic care in better arrangements for situations .
in addition , the two-million two-year experiment allows a two-year experiment which was released from last October , offering professional carers to at least 28 children , in order to help them get out of welfare or prevent them from entering it .
the representative of the department said that the information period was not officially reported as it happened , even though the mother claims that the two departments had been informed within a few months after the incident .
the department is now working with a service provider to analyse the case .
&apos;Do every allegations of private data will be taken very seriously and we are working to ensure that it has not negatively impact on the young people concerned &apos; .
last July , Jenny Mikkos , at the hearing of Jenny Mikkos , who ordered a five-year period of protection for children .
the department agreed with the seven recommendations as a result and has subsequently updated the Code of Children to ensure that the staff clearly understands their roles and activities relating to privacy , have changed the IT systems to prohibit the automatic redundancy of certain personal data , and formally reviewed the services relating to the privacy of his department .
so far , Woody Johnson , New York Jetsi confirmed the Ambassador of Woody Jetsi in Britain .
Johnson was the biggest financial supporter of the presidential campaign in November , Johnson , was the biggest financial supporter of the presidential campaign in November .
the long-term Republican donor , Johnson , has also helped to collect the money for George W. Bush , John McCain and Mr Romney , when they were candidates for the party .
he was acting in the 2016 campaign as the Bush financial leader , during the 2016 campaign .
Johnson &apos;s old father was the basis for a medical processors to productive businesses Johnson &amp; Johnson .
in the past , the United States of America was the Matthew Barzun .
Barzuni was appointed by Barack Obama in 2013 , and he resigned from his office in January this year earlier on to the stamp of office .
Cambridge , in his Years , should have &apos; the right to die &apos; .
Cambridge with the thertsoginna , a lethal disease , should have been allowed to put an end to his life .
Isobel Kenya , who was a member of the hertsoginna Gyythin , beat after three years of fighting with a brain pot , which caused the death of her &apos; death of an extreme pain , suffering and dignity &apos; to allow him to die .
in the case of the age of 34-year-old children in the age of 34-year-old children were diagnosed with a brain box in 2014 , but she suffered an awful job before he finally died in May .
Christine Eeley , 65 , from Newbury Berksa , has called for a law enabling a lethal disease possible for people with a deadly disease and to control the time &apos; .
he said that the daughter &apos;s death caused a &apos; serious trauma &apos; , and he wanted the law to put in place a plan that would have allowed him to die with dignity if his situation worsened .
the English author will publish a book in the back of the book .
&apos;The Help Hand &apos; is Michaels , the former editor of the BBC , the former editor of the BBC , and in the past , he has written to the press Tatler .
it took three years to end the book , and it was devoted to his branches , Maricon Espros and Ginalyn Narda , who will help to make food and the son , a four-year-old Jophi , and daughty , eight years of Florence .
the aid he describes as &apos; family members &apos; , helped to test the prescription during the writing of the book ; this is the first such book of Singapore , which will be published both in English and in return .
&apos;The Help Hand &apos; is available in bookshops everywhere , in the SGD , as well as emigrants abroad , including Hong Kong , including in Hong Kong , including Hong Kong , including Hong Kong , including Hong Kong , including Hong Kong .
Mrs Christie is talking about how it got over the Sochi &apos;s horrors and cyber bullying to bring back on behalf of the gold .
in comparison to this fragile young woman , who recently considered the return of uishair for ever , a 26-year-old Christian Christian , has changed to a 26-year-old Christie unknown .
the noxious insults created his feet in his foot , especially because he was also a child at the West Lothian at school .
at the moment , he is at the moment of confidence and believes that the challenge may come back to the bottom of the day , bringing with at least one gold in Padongchang .
&apos;You do not want to come out of the Olympic Prize &apos; , says without any fear being given to the purpose .
&apos;I feel that I am at the right of both a body and a spiritual point in order to deal with it &apos; .
at one time , he was dreaming of a liternous career until aesthetic elements began to reduce that interest .
&apos;I was a very participant , but I have had the case with the search for art of art &apos; , he said her laughing .
&apos;I was not in a very good elegant , in the orders .
it was a sensible choice , because the short-term utation is best suited to my personality &apos; .
Vietnam &apos; regrets the &apos; German abduction of the kidnappings of Germany .
at the war on Thursday , it regretted the comments made by the German Ministry of Foreign Affairs , accusing the former exhibition of the former exhibition of an oil carrier who is seeking , because of the charges in their home country .
the German authorities believe that Trinh Xuan Thanh was seized from Berlin , which left 48 hours of Vietnamese poreachés to leave the country .
Thanh is faced with assimilation accusation , accompanied by the death penalty in case of prosecution .
he was searched from Germany , but his statement had not yet been carried out if the Vietnamese authorities called for his extradition .
the Vietnamese Foreign Affairs Representative , Mr Le Thi Thu , said to reporters that these comments were &apos; extremely regrettable &apos; and Thangi himself granted himself to the police themselves on 31 July in Vietnam .
&apos;Vietnam always regards the importance and wants to develop strategic relations with Germany &apos; , he said without going into the details .
Thanh , 51 , disappeared last July after the initial dishonest charge of dishonest management was made in the case of a national oil and Grosigigigigigigant of PetroVietnam , resulting in losses of around USD 150 million .
the Vietnamese police issued an arrest warrant in September .
in March , the police launched an investigation to investigate armama in connection with his supposed participation in the property project .
Thanh was Mr Constructin Constructiis Joint Stock Corporation until 2013 when he was appointed in government for several senior positions of government , including the Vice-Chairman of the province of Meconi in the South .
in May 2016 , he was elected to the National Assembly in May 2016 , but was released from an overwhelming legislative body by the Communists before the first session following this first sitting .
he was also thrown out of the Communist Party .
since the ambassador of Vietnam in Germany , the Ministry of Foreign Affairs was summoned to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs , and it was informed that Germany called for the restoration of Thanhi , so that the asylum and extradition procedures are correctly implemented .
the results of the investigation show that the seeds also spread by the printer .
like birds and mammals , pruss are also spreading .
these insects are mainly known as the launiers who are helping to dismantle batteries under the wood .
however , the Iberians are also helping to spread the seeds .
the Japanese scientists discovered that printed water must play an important role in the distribution of seeds of forest species , Monotropastrum in the distribution of seeds .
it is an unusual plant .
it does not contain CFP , which is why it is not capable of photosynthesis .
instead , the species will become one of its nutrients at the ground in the ground .
Taim poves little smell the white fruits on forest bases .
Villiers have very little taste or non-existent for them , and Japan &apos;s researchers found that poultry and mammals are not interested in them as a food source .
only a handful of pounds in the consumption of vegetables and forests , a handful of the Blattella is the only species that visited regular crops .
the investigators have checked the export of the printer in order to ascertain whether these treasuries can help to spread seeds .
scientists felt that , for each reason , the scaled out of the grace of grain included , on average , three instead .
further tests confirmed that most of the seed seeds was a viable one .
scientists are suggesting that this unique hero has probably learned to exploit the ability of distribution of printed seeds during the evolution of printed seeds .
we are hanging in the ground near the ground and they will be ready at the same time that printer can get out of their feet .
the investigators have given their findings this week in Botanica , who gave their findings this week .
&apos;bearing in mind that up to now , approximately 4 600 printed material is being identified , the distribution of seeds can be much broader through seed seeds through printed saps and , to date , simply an undocumented mechanism , and not just a unique section of the Gazine producer - the unique purchase of a secure plant , the unique purchase of a secure plant , the unique purchase of a secure plant , the unique purchase of a particular plant elite , said in the press release in Naoto Sugiura .
&apos;The hope is that the disclosed findings will encourage people to pay more attention to the relationship between herbs and brilliant , and look for further examples of how pruss seed are spreading &apos; .
the publication of a report on the publication of improved information provided by the publication of improved information , which shows additional payments .
Mr Flya , who made a short period of time as a representative of the President &apos;s national security adviser , has presented a report on the publication of an improved federal information on the publication of &apos; improved federal information &apos; , which contains new details about Flynn &apos;s agreements concerning the transfer of a presidential office with the Iranian American American businessman business , and for a &apos; nothing &apos; campaign .
in a letter , which sent information to be remedied , Mr Flyun , that his original information disclosure reports had been put in place without the customary consultation and review of the White House and the government government .
according to the letter , Flya &apos;s part of the Flyn did not receive any chance , as he was not the White House at that time .
in writing . - ( FR ) Flyrics in his office in just 24 days after taking office in the middle of a hearing that he had given the Vice-President Pence to misleading information on his post-election ties in the United States of America .
Flyso-called has also received criticism from the issue of external payments made to him at the time of work in the private sector after abandoning the office of the director of the Defence Agency in 2014 .
earlier on information to the investigators in the House of Representatives , Flyrics , stated that approximately 68 000 dollars of fees and payments from Russian entities in 2015 .
in addition to the income with regard to Russia , the information provided on Thursday has revealed at least 5 000 dollars for the consultant services in the Middle East for the construction of nuclear power plants in the Middle East .
the work of Flynn in connection with the project was published earlier , but it was not known that he was being paid for this .
this renewed information also confirms that the Flyrics had been agreed to work with SCL Group - at that time Cambridge Anonytica with the British parent company - or Donald &apos;s National Guarantee campaign .
one of the main contributors to the Cambridge is one of the main contributors to the hedge funds , Robert L. merceman , whose daughter Rebekah is a strong financial supporter of the conservatives .
Washington Post , reported in February that SCL Group &apos;s advisor on SCL Group .
according to those who know his role , the Flyn was to help the American subsidiaries from SCL to win new public contracts with the United States .
at the same time , SCL , at the forefront of the quest for the awarding of public contracts contracts by a Flynn , a colleague of the National Cup .
the person who is informed of his actions did not receive any compensation and no real work , according to someone who is informed about his activities .
new information came to be revealed that the Flyrics of the Flyrics of the Presidential Office of the Presidential Office .
the biggest public income that is being made is 140 000 dollars for Flynn for his work in Minsk as a consultant and a consultant , which is being led by Nasser Kazemsey , the company Nasser Kazeminy , the company was born and now being born in the United States .
the Court of Justice reported on Thursday evening in the statement by the NJK that &apos; provided to Flame so-called NJK Holds to consult Flyn NJK when it was interested to invest in company securities &apos; .
the NJK is financing the technology at GreenZone Systemi , the Vice-Chair of which is Flynd .
the GreenZone Plan is headed by Bijan Kian , Flynn , a company , which is currently under investigation because of its role on behalf of a company operating in the Netherlands on behalf of a company operating in the Netherlands on behalf of a company that operates in the Netherlands on behalf of a company that is operating in the Netherlands .
earlier on Thursday , Eliyes Elik Eliah E. Cumne ( M. ) , the lead democrat in the Committee on oversight and the reform of the government , to provide Kiana information on foreign business contacts and travel by Flynn .
during the previous security check to Flynn said to the military researchers that he had a number of foreign commercial contact .
according to the CUMMINGS said that Flyso-called does not say anything about these contacts .
according to the case of a person familiar with the situation , Flyso-called , despite the fact that the Flyso-called &apos; in spite .
